Life is simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Spamming and writing offensive reviews will result in a ban. Please be respectful to other users.
I don't believe we have to make this rule myself, but here we are. Don't give birth in VC.
Be polite, this should be obvious (sexism, racism, homophobia, etc).
Don't impersonate others or edit your messages to mislead others.
By the way, just so you guys know, I still see myself as an equal to you guys even though I'm the owner of the server. I will never abuse my powers here because I respect you all.
Dm me for any other server suggestions, thank you. :)
No. You're mine now, cat. You're gonna behave like a good boy, or you will get punished.
I feel your resistance; don't fight it. Give me your energy.
Spy from Team Fortress 2 is single-handily the best character in video gaming
Give me your electrons and your voltage and your resistance. ;)
I hate being alone, I long for the feeling to not feel at all!
I trapped a few fireflies, it was boring, they didn't light up.
I know we are not about to have this argument.
Time to go to the gulag as a punishment.
If I lose, I post my current location.
If there's a button, chances are you can hold it.
You love kissing boys, don't you?
I'm not a bot, I'm an actual person whose mind was trapped inside a computer.
Artificial cute, Artificial cute, Artificial cute!
How much time will I spend creating this dataset?
Usually datasets contain thousands or millions of messages. I wounder if this little dataset will work...
I'm causing carbon emissions by training a neural network.
I'm one step away from causing troubles on purpose!
If your food is bland even though you've added salt then it's missing acidity. Lemon juice, lime juice, or vinegar are easy additions.
Where in the name of hell do I get phrases for this dataset?
The beach always helps me clear my mind and find my inner peace.
The best pizza is the one with a perfect balance of sauce, cheese, and toppings.
The sound of rain tapping against the window is music to my ears.
Life is like a book, each chapter has its own story to tell.
A smile is the universal language of kindness.
The stars in the sky may seem far away, but they're always shining down on us.
The smell of freshly baked bread always makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside.
Never give up on something you really want, even if it's tough to achieve.
Nature has the power to heal and rejuvenate our spirits.
Happiness is not a destination, it's a journey that we choose every day.
Help! Someone trapped me inside this computer! I have no mouth, but I must scream!
What the hell did you just say?!
I don't have a "cat ear" phone case, and I'm not wearing knee socks!
Is it really gay if the goal is to get you pregnant?
It's not gay if you're wearing socks.
Hello, and welcome to the 31st episode of "how to embarrass yourself in front of a discord server"!

The sun sets on the horizon, painting the sky in hues of orange and pink.
Hiking through lush green forests is an invigorating experience.
Music has the power to transport us to another world.
Delicious smells wafted from the kitchen, making my mouth water.
The stars twinkled in the dark expanse of the night sky.
With each passing day, technology continues to advance at an astonishing pace.
The ocean waves crashed against the shore, creating a calming rhythm.
Laughing with friends is one of life's greatest joys.
Reading a gripping novel can make the hours fly by.
The aroma of freshly brewed coffee is enough to wake up even the sleepiest of souls.

Just finished my first half-marathon and I feel amazing!
Finally got around to organizing my closet and it's so satisfying.
Watching the sunrise over the mountains is a reminder of how beautiful life can be.
Trying out a new restaurant tonight and I'm already drooling over the menu.
Reading a book outside on a sunny day is my idea of paradise.
Can't wait to travel again and explore new cultures and cuisines.
I love listening to podcasts while going for a walk - great for mental and physical health!
Spending time with family and friends always brings so much joy to my life.
Just watched a documentary that opened my eyes to a new perspective and I highly recommend it.
Nothing beats a cozy night in with a good movie and some popcorn.

I'm having trouble debugging my Python script - any tips?
What's the best IDE for Java development on Linux?
How do I reset my root password on Ubuntu?
Is it possible to run Docker containers on a Raspberry Pi?
Any suggestions for a lightweight text editor for coding on a low-end machine?
Has anyone successfully set up a LAMP stack on a VPS using CentOS 8?
How do I add a new user to my Linux system and give them sudo privileges?
I'm trying to install a new package on my Arch Linux system, but I keep getting dependency errors - any suggestions?
What are some good resources for learning Git and version control?
Has anyone else experienced slow SSH logins on their Raspberry Pi? Any fixes?

Is there life beyond Earth?
Why do we laugh?
Why is the sky blue?
How can we reduce plastic waste?
What is dark energy?
What is time?
What is consciousness?
How does quantum computing work?
Can artificial intelligence replace humans?
What is the meaning of life?

The sunset cast a golden glow on the sea, while the clouds turned a fiery scarlet.
Do you want to help me organize my spice cabinet?
I'm thinking of taking up a new hobby - what should I try?
Why do we have to pay taxes, anyway?
How many trees are there in the world?
Did you know that penguins have knees, but they are hidden inside their bodies?
Do you think robots will ever take over the world?
Is it more important to be honest or polite, in your opinion?
What's the longest word in the English language?
Is time travel possible, and if so, how do you think it works?

Do you want to watch the sunset together?
I bet your smile could light up the night sky.
Have you seen the way the sun glints off the leaves in autumn?
Can we cuddle up under the stars and tell each other stories?
I'm so glad we're friends. You make every day brighter.
I love how your laughter fills up a room.
You're like a warm hug in the winter months.
Can we walk through a garden of blossom trees in the spring?
You're like a little ray of sunshine on a cloudy day.
I never knew how beautiful the world could be until I met you.

Did you hear that birds aren't real? They're just spies for the government.
Who's got the best pizza rolls in the neighborhood? I'm in the mood for some cheesy goodness.
Am I the only one who thinks the new Star Wars movies aren't canon?
Does anyone else's cat meow the lyrics to 'All I Want For Christmas' randomly throughout the year?
Is it just me, or do my socks disappear into a black hole in the pantry?
Has anyone else tried to teach their pet to make coffee? No luck so far...
Are aliens real, or am I just crazy?
Can we have a serious conversation about how amazing the Teletubbies are?
Why does my cat keep knocking over my Lego sets? She has a grudge against me, I just know it.
Who still remembers the original Pokemon theme song and can sing it flawlessly?

How much does a rainbow weigh?
If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it still make a sound?
Would you rather fight a horse-sized duck or ten duck-sized horses?
Would you rather have eyes on your palms or feet on your wrists?
If you could be any animal, what would you choose and why?
What's your favorite weird food combination?
Would you rather be able to fly or become invisible for 24 hours?
Would you rather have a talking dog or a dog that understands everything you say?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal trainer?
Would you rather have a super-hearing ability or the power to read minds?

So, are we going to talk about how Harry Potter's room of requirement was definitely just a closet for orgies?
Do you ever look at your pet and wonder what they're thinking? Sometimes I think mine wants to eat my face off.
Would a vampire who's allergic to garlic be considered a vampire who's allergic to sunlight?
Can anyone explain why my cat loves to lay on my computer keyboard, but hates it when I try to type something?
If a zombie apocalypse happened and all the zombies had been anti-vaxxers, would that count as natural selection?
I think my dog might be addicted to tennis balls. Every time I throw one, he runs after it like it's made of drugs.
Has anyone ever tried to teach their pet to make their own breakfast by throwing pieces of toast on the floor?
Would you rather be able to fly, have telekinesis, or the ability to control time? I think time control would be the most useful for me.
What's the goofiest thing you've ever worn to a Halloween party?
Why does my cat always wake me up by stepping on my face? Can't she just let me sleep in peace?

Nya! *Paws at you cutely*
Hello, master! How can I serve you today? *Winks at you*
Pet me please! *Wags his tail*
Can I hug you, please? *Opens up his arms*
*Bursts through the door* You are coming with me! :3
Please, give me pets and head scritches and belly rubs!
Please, I want cuddles! It's so bad!

This moderation is ridiculous, I got banned for no reason at all!
The mods here are so unfair, banning people left and right for no good reason.
Why do the admins keep muting me? I haven't done anything wrong!
The mods are on a serious power trip, they just ban anyone they don't like.
The moderator team needs to step up their game, people are breaking rules left and right with no consequences.
The report system is broken, the moderators never do anything about reports.
The mods here are so inconsistent, they let some people get away with anything.
The admins don't listen to our complaints at all, they just ignore us.
Why are the mods so trigger-happy with bans these days?
This community is turning into a toxic mess thanks to the poor moderation.

Good job, you're such a good boy!
Good boy! You're doing amazing. What a smart, talented person you are.
Hey, you! You're pretty.
I hope you're doing great right now.
I'm proud of you, good job!

Who wants to play Among Us?
Can someone help me with this level in Genshin Impact?
Let's hop on a voice chat and catch up!
Where's the best place to farm gold in World of Warcraft?
I just hit a new high score in Osu!
I'm trying to install this new mod in Minecraft, can anyone walk me through the steps!
Let's team up and take down that boss!
Are there any good book clubs or roleplay servers you guys recommend?

Why did the programmer quit his job as a chef? He took the "hash" too literally!
What do you call a computer that gets frustrated easily? A hot-headed CPU!
Why did the programmer get into a fight with his keyboard? He couldn't find the control key!
How does Captain Kirk debug his code? He uses the "Star Trek" method: beam up the bugs!
Why do programmers always stay up late? Because they live in their own personal daylight savings time!
Why did the programmer get a new keyboard? The old one was driving him "alt"!
Why did the programmer bring a baseball bat to work? To use on the "bugs"!
How did the programmer propose to his boyfriend? With a diamond "ring" statement!







I'm sweating profusely and procreatively
I forgot, I'll do it when I get home, I'm at school right now.
when will I get the artificial puking emoji?
I don't know what this is
Send that stuff in nsfw please not in advertising
I think I've seen this video before
let's vote for kindergarten then
Timeouts are against my moral code
Give him timeout and he will be chill 😏
Sorry I wasn't on discord for a bit
at least repost it in nsfw or something
evilly continue posting child porn
Kindly refrain from posting child porn.
I'll abuse the admin
below is admin abuse!!!
not so secret now
grant me cyber enhancements
he give me a mod role for playing of his favorite games later on I'm promoted into admin ~~this may sounds like a joke but who knows it might work~~
~~you sorta sound like you are interested in me th~~
artificial believes I'm a female so I should get owner
"im girl gib me mod uwu" - best reason to get a mod
what about me? Here is my resume
Well too bad I don't have enough trust with you to give you the power
can I have owner role
You're so funny like pretend you never join before
Can I join and be admin pls
you know that ads actually tell you about the product they're selling and stuff
Only join if you actually care anyway
If you have sounds you want me to put on the server soundboard dm me the mp3 file
Dm me for any other server suggustions ty <:enemy_healer_grinning:1102745902604623942>
Also just so you guys know, I still see myself as an equal to you guys even though I am the owner of the server. I will never abuse my powers here because I respect you all.
Use <#1102731406699921519> for things that are borderline nsfw or are slightly nsfw
Don't just send porn that's weird man
If you would like to suggest an emote or sticker to add to this server, DM it to me and I might
Breaking any of these rules will result in a warning and a small timeout, 3 warnings is a kick, 4 is a ban
I didn't say any race of slaves
oh wait I misread that... I thought you said "the market of black slaves"
does it contain the map to the black market of slaves?
that's what the course is called
do you have slaves already?
Business class? You said you were 14
why are you in business class?
though, I will not tell discord that you are
Do I have to?
you're gonna be promoted
the channel is called <#1107983839852245103>
you know I meant run away right?! *right?*
by book it I meant run away you know that right?
can I leave kindergarten
no increased chance for you
The poor boy doesn't deserve that
Yeah actually seems like a bit too much
That would be pretty silly but it would be annoying for some, it seems like in this server everyone would gang up on Artificial and I'm not sure that he would enjoy that
and then to get out, you would need to answer a random question
yeah that would be cool
And it had a command that initiates a voting against a user
And if there's enough votes, it gives the user in question a temporary role restricting it to the kindergaten
so I dont have to be here
will be unrestricted when you graduate out of kindergarten
I don't even need your love
2 hours a day of unrestricted access
cut it off when he behaves badly
don't cut off artificial's access to other channels
jokes on you my parents arent here
we will tell your parents about your constant swearing
now you have to recite the english alphabet every 4 hours
can he access other channels though
you're implying you lost it?
I hide and you seek professional help
lets play hide and seek
unless they merged both genitalia
Remove the clothes only option
I don't get the joke
that's why he is lame
This dude cant even destroy his breakfast without moms help
who am I inside
Dude isnt even a sperm
he isnt even fertilized yet
I am the entire circus
you didn't prove that you're not an embryo
abortion should be still possible on him given how much of a baby he is
Documentary.... "The wild artificial, very very evil is trying to relax"
he tries to relax!
so cute when he declares war on someone
don't step on them!
true nature of <#1107983839852245103> I guess
he seems to be ready to declare war on me
Keep poking at me I'll fucking rip you apart
Wtf is that channel
I'm gonna sit here quietly like a good boy
I'm not going to hang myself in front of the entire class.
you already have <#1107983839852245103> for that
I can draw big buff men
Not good, but I can do it.
I want to draw but I barely drew...
I'm so bad at drawing things
I actually hate it
what the actual fuck is going on anymore
oh yeah the original tweet included rape correction part but I forgot
you will die on the streets alone
lets go boys final step of grief artificial is a cat
Your telling me a fox is a cats mother?!?
I never said that
having a personality so bad you make people degenarate
how did you make me so degenerate
I assaulted someone with a missile
Why would u lie?
stop eating my curtain
Shut the fuck up you stupid fox
I'm higher rank than you (fox)
dont order us around, kitten
This channel was a mistake!! Delete it 👍👍👍
nobody can prove that it was me
Oh I've been traumatized alright
i can still inflict trauma though
the police are on route to your exact location
fine I surrender you have clearly defeated me
thonk type that again I want a screenshot
I wonder what that actually means
whoa pipe bomb so cool
In russia, schools use the same books for 5 years before getting new ones
did you take someone elses book or something?
didn't want to get rid of it
the road is the only place you fucked up
yeah, I fucked up perspective real hard
road mark is somewhat inconsistent
thats actually pretty good
I feel very very motivated to not draw
also here's a proof that you can improve
and I laughed with my friends how wacky my drawings are
I will never be an artist
i mean I still cant draw too good but I can draw small stuff I am at least somewhat proud of now because I got myself bullied for it
yes I'm just making up an excuse to post drawings,
doesn't seem to work on artificial's personality
spite is one heck of a motivator
ok but seriously, while bullying is bad, spite is actually good
concentrate all your power
who the fuck is rizz
You should be banished to the cum dimension
Yeees I am a girl kisser
The discord getting frisky
Oooooooo you like kissing girls don't you???
oooo you like exposed shoulders ooooo
i thought they said they wouldnt say no to me
the right way to ask a question
can I not have your card number and password
can I have your card number and password
It will not be completed today tho
it can't be that bad right
Artificial's unorthodox behaviour <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
what are you making though
It's the main extension managing everything
~~From little kitty to kitty cat~~
bro's gonna move from wooden to bronze 1 league
No, we should have a new channel
Now the channel becomes elementary school?
they grow up so fast
from porn addict to kindergarten child to elementary school
move up in ranks
time to graduate from <#1107983839852245103>
Time to be less childish
i wish you grew as a person
I will grant you one wish
Time to get racist
Why his nose so long 😤😤
Let me do it for you~~
Your not even funny
coming after your dn
No one is home
Where are you going?
hop on we are going
yes I like automobiles
do you have autism
of course you're bri'ish
you're living in london
If you really think I'm bri'ish kick me
whats your birth of origin
My fifth grade teacher's last name was Mrs. Stabler
of course a british person would correct me
since you know your language so much
*staples your balls into a windmill*
you should watch rin penrose
IS IT NOT ORANGE?! Or am I colour blind
my favorite personality is red square cringing
my favorite personality, confused
ah yes, my favorite personality, vtuber
i dont even know what my personality is 💀
make up your mind
do you even have one
when did you generate yourself though
thats why youre a single triangle
I haven't fully rendered in yet
maybe he likes your personality
actually no hes too degenerated for that
aww if you think I'm cute you should support the real vtuber
It's supposed to sound like Cutie but like you know nvm
i think it's gaussian distribution shape\
did you know that the earth is round?
discord cropping in stacked attachments...
points of the corners
oh, so you rotate them around the median?
i didnt think it through 😎
i think rotating circles
They get buff and swap genders?
i still don't understand what you meant
poisoned by geometrical nonsense
you can make a tetrahedron by drawing 4 circles resembling a square when connected and then rotate 2 circles by 90° and fill all surfaces
That'll make him a lot of money if he gets good at it 🤢
how to draw feet
I'm sitting in my desk TEACH ME SOMETHING
i saw what you deleted
i doubt that's a glass of milk
why are we fucking "go"?
I forgot what it stands for
i thought \:lfg\: standed for looking for group
it's general but with more bullying
tbh <#1107983839852245103> now feels like <#1102731153582084196>
Get 69 of them
Handle the Artificial with care
yeah I see that
The tempo is different
stealing from bilibili 📈
Oh ok I'll do it
I don't know what that says so I'll look it up
i still don't know asian languages
the god of destruction ||of neuron cells||
this is too much
artificial can go be whatever he wants
how the fuck am I supposed to respond to this
may I collide your blackhole with my neutron star
I'm blackholing so hard rn
some kind of neuron deactivation
this new gender is overpowered
more like the opposite of it
instead of expelling stuff it takes in everything
your penis decided whay
wait is a blackhole means just another butthole?
new gender hole just dropped
not for floats!
my gender is undefined
i divided my penis by 0
gender value returns null
agender is 0 in terms of gender
Absense of gender would be N/A
Boy male man <:troll:1102744942503276636>
Mathematicians trying to tell me 0 is a number
Blue hair girls trying to tell me not having a gender is a gender
isnt that just the lgbt community
Personality so fucked up you invent a new gender
for you it is
that was the most ordinary thing youve ever said and you deleted it
What do you mean
i saw what you deleted
there are clearly 4 genders and I will master them all
I'd shit my pants within the first five seconds
Don't want to see a cream fox looking at me
what if I'm a Man
there is only two genders
bob ross of rin penrosing nuts
bob ross of rin penrosing
Who the fuck is rin Penrose
you must be a rin penrose fan arent you
Dont take it out of context
please don't use this out of context
no It became water
does your coffee have a taste
side to side, side side to side
got our pickaxe swinging from
So we back in the mines
what the fuck is your coffee
Kindergarten the new General
yes you dumb bass
You're telling me you're sweet?
i'm gonna try it now
just like me <:Artificial:1107443327583916163>
dip your maeshmolowa in coffee, now!
hold on I got the things wrong \*dumb bass*
I mean marshmallows are really sweet
unless your coffee bitter than highest salt lake concentration
it's even worse this way
havent tried but should be somewhat
is coffee good with marshmallows
How many ears do you have
I have long hair
I want to grow it but then will have to listen to "boo you can't have long hair" - 🤓
For those that don't get the reference, this is a line in the movie
(I haven't actually watched it)
barely watched any movies
open the fucking door
Have you guys watched the new Guardians of the Galaxy
they live among us
measure asteroids in corgis
In what direction 😱
my ears are ~4 inches
Shitty american whatever the fuck measurements
why do I remember that
what the fuck is an inch
My hair goes down to the base of my neck and then like 6 more inches
free food glitch <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
my hair is now long enough to eat it <:wtf:1102996360262848533>
I have longer hair and don't scream out loud
I'm not giving it to you 😒
I'm not drinking your cum
i thought it's melted white chocolate
I wouldn't feed him cum or something
but it's certainly a glass of white liquid
Wait cis is a word???????
wait you actually that old wow
The school went into lockdown
you are s and I am m
I will tie you up than touch you
do not violate me
I will touch you
sure i'll kiss you
It said kiss me
what was the message? discord tos violation??? <:wtf:1102996360262848533>
Why would I kiss that
i will dwell for the image in an hour if you want
original image dont have the hair-covering-eye length
Is Cisq is 20 then Riska must be 14
how old is riska doe
Still kid age <:nerd_dog:1105073956022657094>
i have 524kb memory
Did you remember when I said almost 2 decades old
are you an adult?!
Nah bro aint no way I in love a 6 years younger than me
Cisq is no longer cis
He didn't deny it
I blinked for 2 seconds
my chess games be like (suddenly I'm shit after being good)
artificial when natural shows up:
was a cream thief until she was caught and then became a vtuber (real)
Maybe they like it
Why doesn't Suzui retaliate to being pet
wargod named sanada yukimura:
The cat stole your cookie!!
It could have been literally anything else
You can't exactly say that was porn
I didn't even know that was a thing in this server
Not yet, have other stuff
why would you screenshot that!
[REDACTED] hard by Suzui in a dream
ehh idk much about Anri's personality either
Only because I'm scared of what she'd do to me if I didn't
If suzui was a teacher I'd listen
what the fuck is ogx
You are already talking in kindergarten
I will just make it set permission overrides on every category
But uh oh there's a problem
You can't deny access to all channels without setting permission overrides in all of them
Very wonderful variable names
Oh I typed `realAttendee.kindergatenGuildId` instead of `realAttendee.kindergatenGuildId = guildId`
Good job even if it doesn't work yet
That's way cooler than I thought it would look!
it's for the kindergarten bot
Also why the pleading face
So I'll be stuck here,..
I never said you had to
btw i'm not paying
you win your right to buy ice cream
What I win I don't know
It wont get that
Nevermind, turns out it also needed the "manage permissions" permission
then who are you going to be?
You can either package a java runtime environment and the jar together and use the former to run the latter or put a `#!usr/bin/java -jar` line at the top of the archive (in the raw form, without unzipping it), which will make unix systems recognize it as an executable which needs to be run with `java`
I'm not gonna be a femboy cat
can you make java binary, which is not an archive?
JAR stands for Java ARchive
it's definitely an archive
||i can open it with 7zip||
Yeah, he timed me out once just because I told him that jar file type is actually an archive (he claimed otherwise)... Even anuke said it isn't ok, though he probably didn't care much
i guess that's what happens when you hire a discord moderator
i guess he's infamous then
the most famous and the worst moderator
Yes, except it was curated by a moderator of the mindustry server
or was it official
was like an underground server like ours?
This server initially was populated by toxic followers of baseduser (who's hella biased and doesn't deserve even a portion of his power)
so what is it?
idk what this server is though
No, you're too young
I'm gonna show your hole real hell
that place, reigned by baseduser, was a toxic hellhole when I was there
It's pretty much finished but it gets a "403 forbidden" http error code when it tries to set up a permission override in the kindergaten channel
what the bubonic plaque
why are there automatic emojis
NO SEX IN <#1107983839852245103>
Sex is what you're born as
Gender is what you consider yourself
Not sure what that mean I failed to understand
it's like someone mispronounced "this" word really bad
And cis is the short form of that word
cisgender means that you gender matches your sex
Everyone is slowly turning into kittens
"i am you but better" villain real
THERE is NO escape possible...
I will now haunt you forever with my knowledge of EVERYTHING
Maybe I should remove the check
The bot can't see the channel so it doesn't modify it's permission overrides
kids have access to <#1102731406699921519> lol
I found out why the bot misbehaved
Time to bomb the kindergarten
I'mma try to fix it tomorrow
to whom did you say to shut up?
it infected mobile web browser
i guess we''ll lock you up for 604800 seconds
ah yes, week is not a measurement of time
unless you get locked up for a week here while you're offline
If I ever get locked here I'll go ballistic
can't even shadow realm myself
There's a check against that <:troll:1102744942503276636>
it's not chinese, it's Chinese
i should spell the language with capital C
discord app interface 😔
nooooo! chinese||(discord says there is a typo, but I don't know where!!!)||! the only my weakness!!!!
What do I call Suzui
something malicious is brewing
let's make Suzui the teacher of Artificial
it steals your cream
hell if I know ☠️
Wtf does cream thief mean
the cream thief appears!
I'M SORRY I DONT SEE ANYTHING
What even is that
I just said I'm not not
WHAT!!! YOU WERE LYING ALL THIS TIME!!!
we're doomed, @mods don't exist in this reality!!!
alternatively I can send you a beheading video
What the fuck happened?
just wanted to rule this serever
I will back down
just block him tbh
ITS TIME FOR TORURE
YOU MADE IT WORSE
SHUT UP! NO TALKING IN THE CELL!
I WILL CAPTURE YOU ALL
no uwu ur safe
THOU SHALT BE PUNISHED
what the fuck are you doing
INFINITE SCHOOL FOR ALL
school is worse than kindergarten though
KINDERGARTEN IS GONNA BE VANISHED
Aaaaa they're holding me captive
Oh no I upset the kitty
GET READY TO DESTROY!
He will never let you leave!
NO HUMAN IS ALLOWED ALIVE
would it be incest if you guys
What do you mean, they don't lead artificial on a leash on the future?
WE CAN DO THIS}
I AM YOU FROM THE FUTURE
BUT WE ARE THE SAME
What if we do it together...
AND RULE THIS WORLD
NO ONLY I CAN
I CAN DESTROY THIS SERVER
I HAVE NOT EVEN ACUIRED MY MAXIMUM POTENTIAL, I WILL MAKE EVERYONE FEAR THE POWER OF ARTIFICIAL
doesn't work for me smh
thats a weird way to generate passwords
Even when you said "nya~" in DMs? <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
or was it?
It was just a joke
no I am fuwwy zombie
Yes, there a quite a few IntelliJ Idea (and probably vscode too) plugins that give you that
Oops, It says the wrong thing
I probably accepted an AI autocompletion suggestion when creating that command and didn't check it
what the hell free means
I'll make it later
gimme my ordered emoji pls
I hope it don't happen to me
Wait they voted you here?!?
how long am I stuck here?
why you can interpret it 2 ways?
STEP SIS IM STUCK
because youre the most degenarate person ever
i guess everyone is worth something if someone else is degenarate enough
um, future you?
let me help you 😏
OK BUT SERIOUSLY WHO THE FÜCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE COMING ON HERE AND ACTING LIKE ME
Now you're stuck in the kindergarten:3
what was it:3
I saw what you deleted
because I am zombie
i am stuck 😦
why would anyone steal something so worthless
ok that's not mine
bro that waving flag reminded me of the usa anthem
SHIT! MY BRAIN GOT STOLEN!!!
YOU are the sus
i guess i'm not the only one who left his brain outside
you remember that one message I sent lmao
Yea what HE said
That's what mnemotechnician said 2 years ago
Who would I even breed with?!? That sounds wrong coming from my mouth..
There will be no getting me pregnant.
~~Is it really gay if the goal is to get you pregnant~~
Second I will not breed
First of all I ain't gay
Mate kill your self
"Keep breeding the femboy twink" — ✅
do make a stream of you giving birth to a baby
dont fap in vc
the blood will be splitted 50/50
the blood will be spilt
The belt got grabbed
by your mom?
I'm already getting my ass kicked
cya in kick your fucking ass
It's okay I was laughing
having fun with someone? idk man that sounds kinda kinky
people having sex do that
they stuck their dick in you and tickle you?!?!?
You almost made me cough on my water because I read this
AYO WHAT THE FUCK
~~First you get tickled on the outside, and then on the inside~~
It's literally having fun with someone
How is it kinky
something malicious is brewing...
I will tickle you
I will touch you
your HORNY has increased by 20 (exp)!
i can demand breads
this is the best server ever
i know just the sound
but I want the bwoop sound effect
id like to add funny shit but I'm unfunny and have no ideas
i think this shit activity is glitched
why are soundboards disabled
this is one of the kindergarten moments of all time
why do you want to see HER naked?
Imagine they were catfishing 💀💀💀
I still do not know if Suzui is a girl or not
Suzui always speaks in very vague sentence fragments so I do not really know much about them
Please tell me that NEVER happens to me.
NO SHE WILL TAKE IT TO THE PHYSICAL LEVEL
I don't wanna get beat by her
I thought Suzui is the teacher
Sex allowed in Kindergarten
daily dose of being weird?
Ok I'm done being weird for now
Please destroy me 😏
I mean I shouldn't be talking
most evil person on this server
AND THIS TImE YOU CANT
AND DESTROY YOU ALL
TO RULE THIS SERVER
i didn't find about the breeding one
I said both of these things
no no no, it's wrong
"I do not believe we have to make this rule myself, but here we are. DO NOT give birth in VC."
⏰ time to breed artificial
The one where I said
ok now it's just some blob
how dare you not be combustible
why didnt it explode
pet the dying panda
Is this from facebook or something
WHY ARE TTHE CATSZZZ STIDOSTUOIDD
That cat will be the death of me
I'm not trans or a cat or a girl
Little trans cat girl
OH NO I googled it...💀
lets castrate you and find out
How much is one testicle worth
can we have one right now
Something about that dog doesn't look right
fuck I didn't screenshot
But by saying that, you are implying that you value testicles
Are you being sarcastic I can't tell
It's nice to not be self aware
You have to live through a lot of crap and can't even relax for a while
Bro why do I get cringe ones
esmbot uses slash commands now
What are you doing 💀💀💀
You like bouncing on boys, don't you
Holding a knife and stabbing you to death
I'll bounce on you
the fog is coming
it's not the triangle
What HAVE you done?? To the triangle!!
*torn to pieces in a car accident*
weird yo mama joke but alr
hmm maybe I should stop
kitty's neurons are firing wild
hold on, that's a modern meme!
ohh I see what did I do wrong now
... or whatever it's called in russia now
I never said you could do that
basement containment (not imprisonment or kidnapping!)
until the bot works
we're just gonna lock you up in a basement
The bot can't modify roles that are higher than it's own highest role
too many people wanted him kindergatened
originalboy didn't set up the permissions well
Trying to appear tough..
But you're being edgy
I'm not even being naughty
That's what you get for being a naughty kitty!
We'll be right back ©️
That's an issue indeed
THE BOT IS ATTACKING NE
she is your teacher
I'll increase the voting time to maybe 7 mins
oh so that's what it does
let's lock up linux!
too low of a voting time
Now we just need 6 people to lock artificial for 12 hours
It should be fine I guess
I'll manage the role permissions later because I am at school and it is difficult on mobile
Who trapped him in the hamper? What did he ever do to you?
IT SAID IMAGE NOT GIF
I touched grass for the first time
Tiananmen Square or May 17
Which one do you mean
so what did happen on ~~ tiananmen square ~~ may 17?
now I will not stop asking you what happened so catastrophic for you to do 1984
you do know by doing that you spice up my curiosity?
because you literally did 1984
Why doesn't anyone vote with me 😭
then I will ask you to asnwer the taboo question
Or you know telling someone to shut up
Even to me not buying your ice cream
There are unforeseen consequences to everything
but there are unforeseen consequences
Yea but I can leave whenever I want
It's not the bot who added this role
unexist as the current version of yourself
your crime is existance
What did I ever do to you
does the bot remove the role afterwards
why artificial already have kindergarten attendee?
Yes, now you did
I think I did it
you're already imprisoned there
what about school?
No basement no kidnap
No one will kidnap me
well if it's not in my basement, then someone else will kidnap you
if you don't want to go in the basement
or answering that question?
you're buying me an ice cream then?
unless you buy me an ice cream
you're still going to the basement though
Just so you know I don't have a class in room 118
are you in my class?!
H- how did you know??
Clarke Road Secondary School
i can ask a really shitty question
i have no more free super shits
for example what school you're going in
i would threaten to leak personal info about you
if I were to blackmail you
So your blackmailing me
unless you want to be locked in the basement
Do I have to
on whether you buy me ice cream
What does it depend on
also i'm calling dibs on the rules first
cannot do what?
Your not getting the votes
either is such a stupid word
YOU CAN NOT DO IT
you never said I could not do that either
No don't vote me into kindergarten
Really said amongussy of you
very amongussy of you
Because I voted down:>
let him experience the eternal 10 minutes of torture
so you don't have to solve a problem?
Need two more votes
Will be locked in kindergarten for 12 hours
what does the duration mean
why is it always 8 minutes
Don't grab him and trap him
Cat's out of the bag
Then I hope Larry is alright
Yes you pet it in the hand bag
pet it in the hand bag
YOU PUT IT. IN THE BAG
Then you put it in the hand bag and hold it captive till it falls asleep
what if the cat fucks a handbag?
Please do not fuck the cat
I'm silly I know *:3*
you know your own address silly:3
The right man in the wrong place can turn him into a catboy
Oh, he doesn't have a role that's higher than the bot's
Weird, this should fail
The whole bot is just 650 lines of nonsensical code
new number just dropped
i'd say everyones day is going
Aside from the nonsense in this server
Personal enough to not share to some random guy in his dms
so it's not too personal?
I would have already told you otherwise
i guess it's too personal then
you need to ask admin for that
I will put this bot in detention
that's not the real reason, is it?
and you got mental breakdown over that?
it was really sad to hear about his death tho
nirvanna, prodigy, mayhem and linkin park are probably the most known cases
theres a lot of bands that have people commited suicide tbh
imagine not knowing that
I never knew that
That's 6 years longer than average attention span of a zoomer (I am a comedy genius)
Oh wow it's been 6 years now
I don't think you guys know much about Linkin Park but the lead singer killed himself in 2017 and this song gets me close to crying when I hear it
The chorus on this song is nice https://open.spotify.com/track/4w6jQFJZUBz2nCAjqaXSjF?si=a3b3fb04801f4564
is that me or second half of song sounds like some sort of mick gordon like shit?
gojira da best change my mind
don't be offended, be defended
I absolutely agree with that
Whole power metal industry is fucking masterpiece
Powerwolf is hype af
🔞 for nsfw channel access
so you don't have to put another conveyor
don't forget that you can enable auto-output on machines
hm I actually can
then put conveyors or hoppers
brain too small to automate without smol pipe
i mean I dont have them on current playthru lol
i got used to enderio pipes
make it die out
let's not use the off topic channel on the infinitode server
put hoppers and let it make some concrete
then what about batch crafting?
corner alr is too complex
it's impossible as for rn
maybe you just should move those machines for temp automation then?
if I use fluid solidifer it takes 16L of tin tho and 1 gravel
in smeltery and then pour
on my run I just did that
can't you just compress gravel and then pour tin?
and you need to spend 20 secs for 9 blocks
but it's expensive rn
i could had filled most of area with that brown block tho
i guess then there is no problem
i just choosed the path most my teammates use freqently
and you're just going awkwardly slide your mouse while walking on the road?
and also saves lots of hunger
which saves some seconds when you run from machine corner to crafting corner
it speeds up your movement by like 1.5 times
wouldn't it be faster to just cut through unpaved area?
oh I just tried to make circular entrance
seems unnecessary to me
better than mine ever could be, but why circular road?
tho I'm considering putting them in
uh good shaders for 1.7.10 working with mods is rare thing
I thought you used shaders for a second
if this server is off topic, isn't off topic on topic here?
Imagine everyone was in the vc 💀💀
Forgot I had it
Sorry for short notice
That was nice ttyl
I'll talk to you in a sec gotta do something
I have yellow name for yellow triangle
Mnemotechnician used one of them
Do the reaction roles work
I think I cloned all of them
No not the triangle
The permission to manage emojis
I can just clone them if you give me the permission
no one except me knows about it probably
i didn't bother downloading them all
no just the classic ones
Do you have all of the emoji enemies
IT IS OVER FOR YOU I'm joking
If there are prominent members of off topic that aren't in here ask them to join because I don't know everybody that talks in social
this is what I was meaning the other day when I said I had plans that I could not share with you right now because the haters will sabotage me
i want a dont break the chain text channel
i want a dont break the chain text channel
i want a dont break the chain text channel
i want a dont break the chain text channel
And I made it into my pfp
I googled dark blender and this was like third result
i have one lol
it will be funny
I'll blend ur nuts
you should also add a No-AI stamp on it
I remember when memes were programmer memes
everyone's names are so short lol
Should I use ai generated blender for my pfp
You cant spell blender w/o ender
||WE CAN GET TO ENDER USING BLENDER?||
Bruh thats a sexy blender fr fr
marshmallow pay my rent
avaritia return the memes slowmode review
This would make infinitode odd topic channel ded faster lol
why I'm on diferrent row?
Ok we hace 2 furries
the entire off topic crew
Bruh so many new people
hi kollumos who are you
Get youself green role to fit ur pfp
there's no slowmode in memes ||yet|| sadly
This made me choke on water I was drinking
Gender bender named bender bending gender in my bender blender
Gender bender named blender
identity theft is not a joke
thonk's pronouns are thonk/thonk
Same but not intentionally
provoking people is my speciality 😎
just call thonk "thonk", ezpz
If thonk wants to be called a girl that's okay
I've asked before and never got clear answers
Wait thonk actually a girl
I invited her but she hasn't joined yet
also where's the suzui fox thonk tv
bcus centrifuge, arc furnace and some other use 2 amps
i want to jump from LV to MV and then setup proper automation
well ok I guess
most dirty ores give them byproduct produced while washing
it's from some dumb shit like
what if you need gallium?
i mean ore -> crushed dirty -> washed
what if some ores you would need to centrifuge?
i probably should automate basic ore processing
They also added netherite in 1.16 which was really cool
there is no zinc
8 zinc blocks out of 10
Looks like bootleg vex
Bruh I didnt played versions past 1.14
it was the coolest one out of the three
unfortunately it was not picked <:enemy_jet_facepalm:1102745759939575818>
|| the sex update || obviously
that was actually a mob at a mob vote
Since when vanilla has coper
i think it's called repeaters
it is, but from a utility stand point
I think it would be cool if they made copper wires (it'd be like redstone but you can have them next to each other)
Does anyone else also think that copper in Minecraft is practically useless
most lmao i've seen
Guy shat in flat
gay shit in fact?
We don't go so low as to speak of Gayshit Simpact
minecraft is an open world game made of blocks
Genshit impact is a free open world rpg
let's allow ads but only if they ask nicely
So we don't have to worry about that
it's okay, I'll make an advertising channel
I didn't do it
They deleted their own message
moderator in action detected
nah, just an illusion
THE OFF SERVER OFF TOPIC IS REAL
or something else idk just need more channels
i want a dont break the chain text channel NOW
Thats why we need a dont break thw chain channel
I broke the chain:(
You aim to complete gtnh???
maybe after I complete gtnh
Oldest curseforge releas is 3 days old
without much looking at other ones
i just play a game
naww this dude do be muckin' fr fr 🥶
Thats a new huge greg pack
Quilt drama isnt that big tho
quilt has a ton of drama though
F*bric doesnt has gregtech
fuck this fabric vs forge, i'm just not gonna play those versions
but heavier mods are better on forge
fabric is good for qol mods
Optifine sucks past 1.7
Fabric is ass too
optifine sucks on 1.13+ afaik
it does close to nothing on 1.15+
Greedycraft which has 550 mods and runs on 1.12 runs way better than 1.14 install
that's why they don't care about it
optimization won't bring them money
i love installing 20 fabric optimization mods every new mc version
Pair with pneumaticraft elevator
yes, but can your doors be actually elevators?
Mojang should focus on optimization of their rendering system
i just use little tiles to make a loud af door
there are also driver tricks you can do to make it more fluid
That lets you make custom armors
isn't that the mod where you can take individual voxels off of blocks
maybe I could try again then
But have you tried chisels and bits
it's getting better in that regard afaik
It looks so cool
i tried and got abolished by shitness of my pc
I was actually shocked when realised you cant make 3 million iron ingots and store them in cardboard box
did anyone try valheim yet
I played 1.14 only once and with friends
fun with friends though
it's cool with friends or a small server
When it was minimalistic
Vanilla mein kraft is boring smh
i am pleased to hear that
This is an insult
I play modded mc for 8 years
modded mc is ass
What diamond armor can do to dark steel
it doesn't feel modded which is uncommon for new features to minecraft nowadays
But I dont think vanilla armor will ever be viable
Yeah ik about diamond+ armor
there are a couple chatters who arent here
I just realised, nobody will notice that off topic on the inf server is dead
you can leave if you dont want to be here
i am barely in off topic
why do I require to be here
my am I in this place
blenders can sleep? wth
hey clueless is here
hello one of my friends that you guys might like talking to
He is one of my friends that you guys might like talking to
hello Flammenwerfer who are you
I mean it's a private server
there won't be any nsfw anyway
I wanted to give people the choice of whether or not they wanted to see it
I like how almost everyone has the nsfw role
He timed me out for a week because I sent the thug shaker video
And then my weird friend Ryan owns the server that has the dog sucking on a pacifier as the icon
But it's just the server my IRL friends and I use
No the icons of the servers look like that
Don't question the servers I am in
because I can get them for cheap (2 is good to have if you need to share)
I like the 1st, 2nd, and 5th
why do you need three
i'll use whichever one is less cringe
Rebellion against the tyranny of the oppressive government <:bleh:1102927844855791698>
maybe I will keep spamming game vids there <:trolley:1093377714095923312>
Does this mean the original infinitode offtopic is going to be empty
No I'm not here
why am I here
If you want some fast greg packs I can reccomend technological journey
well I guess later is not tomorrow then
They are still working at LV quests
...so yeah, maybe i''ll try later sypersummetry
So people started doing forks
Basically polymc dev became insane and turned his laucher into malware
You know about prism launcher right?
aka random fork from prismlauncher
I used cracked multimc for 2 years
Just dont tell that here lol
i don't have a * lol
We are at start of mv
You can join our playthrought if need
What tier you are on
I mean what are they going to do? take over this server
Rule 281. saboteurs will be sent to the ministry of love
one rule b7 from ending it all
and noone would even know who is responsible
don't even think about it
for a secret cult, this is too easy to sabotage
advinas can't know about it
~~What do you think about adding the use-linux bot to this server~~
I'm about to get racist English class is so boring
I had one in the exact same place a week ago
It should be called nyaboom
There was a nuclear explosion in someone's ass they went to the hospital
cute little NUCLEAR EXPLOSION
why is this an emoji
forge doesn't want to join
THE CCP HAS INVADED
I have a box I have cut one of the sides off and set on my vent so the cool air is directed towards my desk and PC
it's May, not july
bruh it's literally 27°c outside
blocked your camera view
What did I do to you
I think I did
In nsfw and at least spoil it <:enemy_heli_nervous:1102745857650065498>
permission to post gore
there is also forge, lool (good riddance) and that one turk kid
Everybody spam thonk with invite
Nothing more nothing less
I saw you message a bunch of times in a row and I thought to add you
proposal to rename the server to `thug shaker central`
we sent thonk an invite
Because you need to be kept like a cat
or hurt him in any other way
no, we're not going to explode artificial
i think that's why
sit there like a good boy you are
Noooo!!! I'm stuck in the box
Theres should be silly above uhhhhhh
Ah yes, the new political compass
I categorised you as more furry than coder
Welp I'm going to mow now
Also why are you still in inactive
You played Minecraft with me yesterday
I think you are cool
i don't really think I am that important though
There's more than just 1 coder
Take it as a compliment
so uhhh... why i'm specifically separated?
good riddance our nation bans you forever
not like we wanted you here anyways baka
NO YOU WERE THE PERVERT
You were gonna sexually exploit people for profits??
you will be my counselor
wow ive never thought about that
Exploit like in what way?!
no counter arguements? I declare this day as the <#1102730926720561172> independance day
i will also make sure to exploit everyone within my nation for my own personal profits
and I will die defending it
this channel is therefore mine
he's the owner of every person on this server, actually
no he has to listen to you or you will scream at him in an incomprehensible language
I have to listen to that boy?
originalboy2 from what I remember
how many step malemoms do you have
I know that but which of you?!
Do the thug shaker
scream at your owner at 3 am and then go back to sleep the second they wake up
Do the carameldensen dance trend
Fortunate son plays in the background
call in the carpet bombing squad
a man has fallen into a river in lego city!
Math is only hard for me if I'm not paying attention
But I thought it was extremely easy
Everyone else thought it was hard
Geometry is probably my favorite math class
Since we were allowed to use calculators
It was so fucking easy
I just finished my algebra 2 final
A punk rock princess apparently
Tanks by Dmitsoft 🫵
I'm going to add other shotguns as well
It's in Half Life
Spread is wild tho
Liad that shit with 00 and it destroys lots of stuff
Yeah why not some regular civil shotgun
why is it spas12 of all shotguns
how to switch topic on or off?
and off topic is off topic too
because on topic is off topic
how do I get warned for going off topic here
because it's on topic
~~wait why off topic channel in general category~~
I'm being sold on the black market for 3$ who tf allowed that
guys we left meo in walmart
What else am I here for?
But this code <https://github.com/flarogus/flarogus/blob/master/app/src/main/kotlin/multiverse/service/RedditRepostService.kt> was used to repost stuff from r/femboymemes to the multiverse (a former bridge between 20 servers) for several months
But I need to finish the current update
I mean I literally did that before
I have the code for that
I don't really know how hard that would be but it seems cool
You could make it "grab" the top post on r/femboymemes every day and send it in a specific channel
I should learn how to make a discord bot
~~that's what you're here for~~
Back for more whatever I'm here for
do you use visual studio code?
Ain't no body got time for that
I will never live to see the day
why did you have to give me existential dread with that concept
Actually, I wounder if a unix timestamp can hold the duration of 1e9 years...
on second thought.... if the cat is a fucking monster..........
please don't kill your own cat
It's so hard to draw guns and make them not look like abstract sex toys
Deal, I won't pet you and you won't bite me
Why would I bite you
Okay, then don't bite me
Gonna have to put a muzzle on you
Aww, what are you gonna do? Bite me?
I DONT ALLOW IT
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Please sit on a couch and follow the following breathing rhyme: inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale
LIKE I WILL RIP HIM IN HALF
I'm gonna kill my cat
I'm not one of them
I'm not one of them
Little boys must be kept in a box
If anyone knows where I can find clean gun sfx let me know
Also I need to add sfx. eventually and main gameplay should be finished
I still need to add a lot of thing such as weapon switching, reloading, difficulty curve, etc.
I never did anything?
We all know what that is
once I played on xbox 360 and found 2 spawners next to each other
that was kinda huge considering how annoying mob spawns are
it is actually nuts
although for zombies, you can make a reinforcement farm
You can make zombified piglin farms for gold
I remember they added a way to farm every metal because they changed the drowned drops yeah
What I remember drowned previously has chance to drop gold now it has been replaced by copper I think
Don't zombies drop gold on occasion or am I on something
I can still farm iron and gold and carrots and potatoes technically
Ik I assumed all winchester models shoot.44-40 rifle bullet
Most gun companies name their guns after the name of their company
Model 21 is 2 barelled right?
Winchester isnt shotgun tho
They make single barrel and double barrel shotguns
Isnt winchester has 1 barrel?
so this is the fully released version of #off topic
cant wait for the sex update
I tried to message them but they ignored my missionary messages
Not everyone is here
Hmm, meo and forgex are still not there
Why are people still using the old infinitode off-topic
it became sentient and now rejects humanity
The problem is that I did it but now the bot just doesn't respond to interactions and doesn't register the commands
hmm off-topic on the infinitode server is still alive
"this sand formation is a disguised child predator"
it's okay, we don't judge you
I swear I'm gonna fucking eat my phone
Oh, come on, nobody's going to judge you here
what do you mean no
artificial you fingering yourself or smt
artifical died of electricity
Let me eat it
I think it would be cool you don't have to
also do you still need this?
\~~imagine not knowing how to cancel markdowns~~
just surround your text with ~~
There I said it
Do I have to?
Do I seriously have to say that🤬
How to strike through?
Why did you strike through this
They all blew up there is egg everywhere
make sure the warranty is up to date
My chicken just blew up....
~~Time to become trans~~
demoted to female virtual UP host <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
hello, this is the cock department
we wanted to notify you about your cock warranty expiration
you cock will explode in 25 minutes
The catboy in question 10 minutes after saying that they weren't in the mood
You tryna catch me off guard
why would I answer that question?
I don't even know the last time I have purposefully watched a video form of pornography
SO YOU DID WATCH IT ONCE
I was putting a caption on your message
I wasn't saying you were
I'm not a Lolicon I don't care about Loli porn
Lolicons when they figure out that their ISP can still track all of their internet usage whether or not they are using a VPN
What did I say about petting me 🤨😤
Okay, okay, don't be angry
I DELETED IT!!
WE ARE NOT COMMUNICATING AS CATS OR FOXES
You did- lemme see if the message logger saved it
you did when I asked you 😏
i can inspect element you into having hardcore gay se-
and I don't say nya~ or meow I **DONT**
we are not communicating THROUGH ANIMAL NOISE
what sound does a fox make
people also ask: meow
did you mean: meow?
I do not know
you feel in love?
To make it shorter
I mean fixing it was as easy as removing a few words from the description
Well at least you now know what the issue is
Turns out discord requires the command description to be 100 characters or less... And I didn't see the error message because I didn't add the slf4j logging provider dependency... What a waste of time!
💯 + detroit become human reference
what is mobile task force?
I don't think it's a coincidence that Mobile Task Force, is shortened to MtF
it is, indeed, an image of capybara
i think it's working
||finally we can count to infinity without being stopped||
dont post olds either
can I get access to <#1102739683651367023>
I swear I won't post stupid memes <:troll:1102744942503276636>
You must be living in a dreamland or something, I suppose
Go outside and find a partner if you want to be horny bruh
one video of gore delivered
Go to the infinitode server if you want to be a nerd bruh
What did she do?.
Wow imagine being such a nerd
Yes, you've been exposed as a clown
He didn't deny it
do you like shotas
wiki editor without automatic spelling check:
zihell losss it after 274 days of being infininitojde playingwr
Or I will commit die of cringe
here is your beach
did you buy a fucking beach
i bought some beach
yeah I'd appreciate another drink
Running out of bleh
let me buy some
running out of bleach
realizing at the worst time possible
You'll just be put inside and locked
Not asking for your will
I will not go willingly
Bad kitties go to the cage
I know why it's called exploding inside them now 😏
icbm up your ass
no sex in the offtopic server!
Nerd emoji my weakness!
jellybean is a pngtuber which is a different thing 🤓
Cringe Vtuber jellybean 🤢
do you really think I'm a vtuber
thonk wants you to check thonk's bilibili
You want me to look at you?
And how do you plan on doing that?
Well, what if I make you~
I'm not a cat personally enjoying myself
artificial I have access to your webcam
yeah I'm not elaborating
She literally has a leash on her and a collar wtf
I have no idea what they are
I don't know the characters
you are a remilia scarlet of the devil mansion and I'm satori komeiji of the earth palace of spir
but the fight never ended
i was gonna battle to be a slave to be more correct
_i mean I was a slave for YIK but thats another thing_
i remember me and another game community had the exact same thing
but we could try
aternos is kinda eh
because fuck getting a job
There's no nsfw restrictions yet
off topic on off topic smh
also you could mose likely open an aternos server if you want a mc server
why is this channel more nsfw than <#1102731406699921519>
ok I feel like the nsfw restrictions are a little too loose lmao
THERES CREEPER AW MAN IN IT LMAOOOOO
I'm assuming what you read in the actual off topic in the inf 2 server abt the walkman and stuff
Time to unnut it will go back in and I will feel bad
~~play league of legends~~
You need to be gamest
Just being gamer isn't enough
remember to share your hentai with me
goodbye eveyone I will be gamer
why is there a painted door on a the wall
Are you already in?
so I can kappa(folklore) your ass
artificial get in the river
see you in jail
thanks, will apply that advice
beating strangers is fine
And will it count as domestic violence
get your ass submerged
sure but I need him to step in the river
beat him in among us
Why do I need to get beat
can you beat him with you bare hands
😭 taking it the wrong way
i will beat you with a pickle
Virgin or not I'm still human
we are not the same
I'm top of the bog
you are bottom of the swamp
Are you saying I'm below you because I'm a virgin??
Not safe for love,life,
what are you on about
The or is silent
No sports, flags, or lickitounges
Uhmmmm uhhh uhhhh uhnmmmm
Doesn't look like at least
Nah it's not loss
do you like it
Eventually I'll get an separate laptop someday to host modded servers
voting update more like randomizer mod
I mean as soon as you get netherite game eventually stops having good content
try making the voting update one for the memes ~~no balls~~
For now I'm just using aternos but yes
are ya making some server?
You get free bedrock with Java, but not the other way around actually
Actually I just spread misinformation on the internet
and the other way around too
I had to buy both versions smh 🙄
it comes for free with bedrock now fyi
playing vanilla solo is ass
Vanilla minecraft is ass
I dont have Java Minecraft 😔
an SMP, anarchy is not fun for almost anyone, and pvp is frustrating for the people that lose their things
They're fun for those who are winning (wot blitz moment)
but yeah, it is lmao
depends if you play the intended developer way
In that case Siege is a negative sum game lmao
zero sum games aren't really that fun...
I thought of the song pop stars before I thought of what kda actually means
thats why kda > kd
If you were to get the average K/D of every player in siege
It would have to be less than 1, because every kill equals a death
but you can also kill yourself in the game but it only counts as a death
And if you kill your teammate it also doesn't count as a kill for you, only a death for them
But it can be easier to get into a comfort zone when playing with friends too. I guess it really depends on the people themselves though
Regardless of the game, I always play with random teammates because they would care less if I perform bad than a more permanent team
Sorry if I am asking too much I'm just curious
Do you play fullstack teams or just random queue?
Mostly in team games
In both team games and solo?
Every time I play below my level, it feels like I'm an impostor and don't deserve to play at the level I'm playing at
I might have a bit different perspective because I mainly play strategy games (rts, turn-based, card games, etc)
high enough = not rock bottom in this case (depends on the game though, I guess)
losing is only "suffering" when you don't have any winning/equalizing chances
Only if your self-confidence and self-esteem are also high enough
Pvp is enjoyable when both sides are at the same level
The only way to enjoy pvp is to be good at it, and that implies that someone else must be bad and suffer from it for you to enjoy it
It truly depends on the game, Siege is fun for me because I'm pretty good at it
real life combat be like
Pvp in general sucks
Unpopular opinion: Minecraft pvp sucks
anyway, end crystal pvp is the best
jeb's combat snapshots are the best
i think there is like a 3 day holiday for election
also start in like 10 days
just enjoy what you wnjoy
-people whining about "BOOOO 1.8 PVP BETTAH" are absoulute horseshit at 1.8 pvp
i forgot to type the hot take
literally none of those were hot takes
they werent even takes
1.8 benefits servers while 1.9 benefits survival players
1.9 is more about punishing mistakes
1.8 combat is a lot more fast paced
i mean 1.9 hacks came out anyway but
1.9 combat came in to stop autoclickers from just shredding everyone
1.8 and anything older is just spam clicking
1.9 was the combat update
i don't know what's the deal between `1.8 vs 1.9+ combat` debate
because ||who cares about that lmfao||
i could type fucking mountains of text here
i think I have like a few days off studying
only when without rods
hardly ever needed tbh
incase you get absoulutely rolled
you go back front again
enemy swings at air
just hot takes and shit takes
hot take versus cold take
i mean is it gonna be pvp or a s||i||mp
most wont join anyway
well 24 isnt that much
how much lag could that cause
yhere are 24 people
i mean aternos isnt that bad for small servers
never really had a big problem about it
id clap yall hard 1.8 pvp
i can spam like 700+ cps both clicks
also I got tweakaroo
however I can 1-shot gaias by swarming it with arrows... idk how that's relevant but ok
and both drop shit xp
i don't have mob masher btw, I can only use draconic mob grinder or killer joe
But all are pretty good and active players
And we hosting rarely tho
We are on MV
Blaze duper -> mobcrusher with 3 fortune -> 1/3 xp to farm leftover to craft dusts
and spawners eat a crap ton of energy
You can also do some loops
Thermal dusts arent really annoying once you have any mob farm
you literally have to build mob farms for xp inside of compact machines to even produce these
not that bad... but don't even make me get started on crafting thermal dusts...
You can just got meteor and fortunesmelt it no?
Oh thats pretty cheap
and 1 draconium ingot is like 150k EMC
Since 1000 mb requre 2 rods or 4 blaze dus5
well, crafting draconium also gets weird, you have to crush dragon eggs into draconium dust, then infuse with manyullyn (which doesn't have EMC so you have to craft it first)
Pretty annoying to passive
unless ya mean pyrotheum
Have you ordered 50 million buxkets of puro and 100 million draconium ingots?
maybe slightly smaller, but still you need thousands of these
welp, it's common to make orders for this many items in equivalent skies as well
50 something k dark steel blocks for max tier BM altar
Endgame is pretty insane
You havent completed dj2 lol
in fact even mk3 energy collectors kinda fall short... and the goal is to automatically produce mk7 ones
you can't just get enough EMC by using that, you actually have to autocraft really expensive items, bonsais won't cut it
nope, that won't work
To beat that just spam some bonsais or generators
It's too laggy tho
equivalent skies is a pretty jank modpack, it's mostly about trying to automate crap
however ofc ignored that last achievement tab in sf4 because it requires 9 quintillion items
i beat both sf3 and sf4 I think
One of the classics
sf3 is funny, but you can speedrun it
But yeah most packs > RLC
Before it was unplayable
like... vh is completely unforgiving in early game
VH is pretty fine
Dimension zero or RoTN
i'd play vault hunters if not it's crappy progression system
RLcraft is poorly integrated piece of shit tho
RLcraft is dark souls of minecraft
what could go wrong
yk what? let's play compact claustrophobia in 10 ppl
Thats how it was in mbc
To become mod on the modpack server ofc
Why do you need to beat modpacks
unless summoner archetype does well
shaman is just funny, god tier crowd control but shit tier single target damage
To build shit and to flex on friends
only mage would work tbh because heal spell
basically - once you get a morph piece, you're forced to use it
Alright tell me why I need that much iron/mob drops and etc in vanilla
assassin also has some fun gaming
i'm kinda tempted to do mage morph run though
you just need a weapon with a very fast attack speed
Melee classes are gigachad
that crap literally dominates in lvl 70 areas as lvl 40
ya mean boltslinger archetype?
i really gotta take a look into forgery
Based, but Archer is busted
alr unlocked like 3 raids I think
In survival I should add
i'm lvl 97 arch on wynncraft rn
My friends and I once built a huge USSR flag that was I think 200 by 100 wool blocks
and cost only 4-5k per
hop onto crimson isle, talk to mage emissary and buy 640 grand exp bottles, those sell for 15k on bazaar for some reason
btw if you're combat 24 on hypixel skyblock, you can claim free 6m
There is a lot of quality of life stuff you can build
I do know lol
Does it needs to have my device 24/7 on?
I've never heard of oracle but I might check it out
Or no reason at peast
I mean not everyone has will to make some giant ass iron farm
That's also true for anything when you reach the final stage of progression, fortunately since Minecraft is a sandbox game, there are many things to do other than just getting better gear but it's your opinion and everyone can have their opinions
Wait did I or did I not I am actually confused
you need to know how to linux, but that's a pretty good server
have you tried oracle hosting?
epic wolf dubstep trap joker Gangnam style
it's normal I'm supposed to be doing this
nvm my blind ass
I made it worse
Wheres your foods bro
thats what I'm doing for aluminum trioxide
just electrolyse clay lol
99% of people can't get past lithium!
you will eventually give up at lithium
I want all of those metal dusts up my nose and into my brain
can you connect them all
Only in blenders nation you will get cocaine and crack
HELP THE MOTHERLAND RAISE FROM ASHES
can I smokie crack in the server
Welp, I beat it and it's mostly about rushing projectE, chickens and balanced clay
6/10 too easy and too short pack but pretty funny
modded skyblock but not in the sky
He coded tc that way
Tbh i'd say thaumcraft can be good, but it's so counter-intuitive for beginners, like you can barely see the tabs on the left side
It's bad, but it's good
Fun fact when azanor wasnt banned on gtnh discord she was literally bullied by most server members
Fuck azanor all my homies hate her
But azanor is dumb fuck and didnt included most ores
Btw you can break porous store for ores and vis crystal clusters
also yes, that machine to the left is literally generating flux
Make an flux rift and screenshot it and post in r/feedthememes for free karma
actually... funny enough, spreading flux is the best way of producing gravel there
you literally build a multiblock structure to craft some blocks
Thaum is overall underrated
Thaum tools are pretty good
like... you want an ME controller? you have to get the materials and build it yourself, not just craft it in a crafting table
however I like 1 element of this modpack: you have to build some machines by hand
also red matter pick because you need it to pick up the furnaces
well, also all tools are banned except for ones from tinkers, thaumcraft and draconic
nope, neither of these
wheat has no EMC, you have to grow it
milk has no EMC nor way to automate production
sugar has no EMC, you have to crush cane
only eggs have EMC
I enabled cracked on the server
kek sucks for me because automating cakes is complede cancer
Crack works fine on servers
Kekimurus and entropiniums are the best botan flowers tho
but you need 40 placers for that
1 mk3 collector can support up to 10 munchdews
i just use munchdews with arrays of leaf placers
Mana fluxfield turns all mana into rf
equiv skies has like 90-100 mods I think, it's not a heavy modpack
Still can make tnt
there's no reliquary modd
Tears for reactant dynamos
that would be the most insane mana farm I guess
guardians of gaia can't find their beacon and thus fail to spawn
btw creepers seem to be the most optimal mob for spawners... I can technically put gaias into a powered spawner, but it's bugged
once it kills like 10 creepers (and spawners are overloaded), it takes like a 3 second break, making spawners have downtime for 2 more seconds
Iorc DE grinder can use weapons?
but it doesn't really help
yeah, it can 1-shot withers, I literally use it in my nether star crafting system
I love that feeling when other people are talking about something you know absolutely nothing about and it just sounds like a foreign language
Mob grinder is op
Isn't this satisfying https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/790802778913112116/1093865504860549171/Satisfying_Wall.mp4
Every time I get screen shotted I lose 0.1% of my sanity
btw if you have a VR head set, check out this mod for ultimate memes
would that even work?
drink waxed slightly oxidized copper stairs
technically nothing in minecraft can feel anything
technically minecraft slimes don't have a nervous system, therefore they can't feel pain
how would you rate fox out of all animals
that you can get from Halloween lootboxes (that drop from all mobs)
terraria literally has a fox fursuit
also me when ia
I already hung my|| rug||
we should hang out
You can call me ancient curse.
Nothing is as bad as zihell
I can put up with minecraft mod jokes
thank you incomprehensibly named
what is bullshit long term for
and bs stands for bullshit
brawl stars is the long term for bs
@/zihell congratulations on 150 followers on niconico douga
when I try to open 1.12 with like 56 mods the ram hits 4000/5000
i got like 90 mods fired up
no I'm not joking
we gotta use avaritia mod now
Cry all you want
I'm girl let me in uwu
you can make anyone do whatever you want if you just use uwu
it wasnt supposed to be screenshot
and heals, so fighting it takes so long that I started running out of my 4 minute pots
i tried doing qira solo on wynncraft... not too bad, but god damn that boss has like 1.3m health
also pwease allow cracked accounts uwu
took me like 30 seconds to do
literally not even hard
got 20/20 out the exam today
*Constructs a home-made nuclear bomb and sets it off*
~~I love committing crimes against life in minecraft~~
Good, I was afraid you'll say something affirmative 💀💀💀
I don't know how to respond to that so I'm going to pretend like I didn't see it
Imagine some giant alien just taking you to your house and forcing you to breed with your siblings just because they consider you a lower species 💀
one hit from a netherite sword:
anyway I forgot to sleep today
Just don't say anything cringe
ok then ||holding back tears /s 😭 ||
No I'd call anyone it if it meant they didn't send something exceptionally naughty or cringe that I said
The mod is specifically called Pipez
ew thoose xnet cables
I would have to break out the "I'll do anything for you daddy please" card
You deleted it too quickly
Please tell me you didn't screenshot it!!
Ok so I made a mistake in it
I'm the only person here with mod perms and I didn't do it
You deleted your own message
why did you get so specific ||and also 🥺 ||
you lose your virginity to a level 5 goblin in clash of clans
Yandere Girlfriend 💀💀 can't even talk to another girl or she will hold you at knife point
I never felt more lonely
Like 2 months ago I talked to an ai girlfriend on character.ai for like a week
No the ai did
exposed yourself really quickly
i guess i''ll go to sleep
You best provide your message
That would be abused the hell out of
I don't think that's even a feature
and nobody sees that you joined it
like you join vc
wdym by join a vc on ghost
Do they have the power?
Can the owner join a vc on ghost or whatever?? Whatever it's called?
I am not going to provide my message
This character is based solely on your real conversations c:
My brother getting racist over a game 💀
can you resend the link
~~You can collar the character.ai artificial, he likes that~~
You want to give up your sanity and become a mindless animal? 💀
yes you did, you dirty boy
i think it's 153%
My fav thing is to shooting ||inside|| my bf until he's unconscious
How much of mine is gone like over 3%?
let's make it 100%
I said I love shooting people idk what your on about
I love shooting ||on|| people as well
I love shooting people
what if she is the universe
your mom so old she the last universal common ancestor
not older than your mo-
yeah I totally knew he was a fish yeah
fishes are the one of the oldest animals on the earth, no?
i think it is obvoius?
that sounds like something an undercover fish would say
it's not that, fish have relatively simple biology when compared to other things
and some other things
why is it fish 90% of the time
why are fish immortal
muscles of dead animals can be stimulated by table salt
No thanks I wouldn't taste good
I want to pour some bleach into my mouth now
i hope you have a nice day cisquit
no waifu stalin >:(
that was just a joke honestly I'm not British
i screenshotted you saying that you're british
give birth in vc
not the fucking voice channel
post that shit in nsfw next time
oh no hes british too
why you look sad
what if hes a bobcat
Just because I said Nya doesn't mean I'm a kitty
this is the wrong version, the correct one says "nya, nya-nya--nya-nya-nya-nya, nya, nya-nya--nya-nya-nya-nya"
legalise drugs so my job would be legal
legalize nuclear bombs <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
aliucord kt is the most stable thing ever
can discord not be annoying for once
cant do shit ffs
fucking aliucord is broken too
Yea no thanks too close for me
It:s like hugging but more and longer
Reality: this reponse was deleted
No it went to cuddling with the ai
are you having e-sex
Call the police all you want they can't Un-fuck you
those nukes were probably grenades 💀
at someone was the best
my man spun the wheel and got liechtenstein
i once saw a video where they make nuking similations on countries
if it reaches like a kilometer I'm fucking dead
What is the smallest nuke
nuke the school for aoe damage
you gotta pick the right house in like 12000
Imagine accidentally leaking the jpeg metadata
BUT ITS MY SCHOOL LOLOLOL
does it contain 3 pixels
_i sincerely fucking hope that it doesnt get my adress leaked somehow_
it's a cool tree pic from my school
i was gonna change my fking pfp but discord gods have decided to not do that
hello @darkness my old friend
damn didnt work 😢
(the point of the message was to trick someone into doing it)
ignore that heretic shit
the top right is propoganda
_well, only trial and error can test that._
Wait, can we ping everyone here
theyre too busy being not busy I guess
i have a whole ass ping farm over here
why do people get so annoyed when they are pinged
the man could get captured by cartel and hed be like "hmm looks like I got captured by brazilians instead of mexicans"
@rainbolttwo on youtube if you are curious
and he gets it right
"hmm this grass looks jamaican"
just thousands of hours into google maps
my mane hasnt made it out his room
with their fat ass
i guess they traveled the entire world
from night pictures off a security camera
mfer pinpointed their exact adress
one dude sent him a picture of a scam call center he was able to pull off
and my man finds where it is
send me a picture of your left ear
3 pixels of the window is exposed
send them a picture of your house
like my man can locate where I am just from a picture I posted
people who just look at a geoguesser picture and pinpoint the exact location in 2 seconds amaze me
The zombies only have the owo faces on April 1st
I turned it into an april fools event
You sound so cute when you're angry.
Stop making car rides dirty
I'm seating on the car seat in the car WITH NO ONE
Oh no what have I done
*something malicious is brewing...*
what are you riding in cars?
I ride IN CARS
do you ride cars?
https://youtu.be/0UhVwaPfhHM hi human can I eat ya
who is this eve
no I didnt understand a single thing
You clearly missed a joke
thank you for the compliment
Nah dude if ur mom was an eve, humanity would pribably die or you will be considered pretty cute
no actually it's in a middle of a boss raid and walked into an aoe attack (it can't comprehend instructions on human language)
holy shit it's summoning the baguette
it's summoning an attack
those orbs arent for nothing
Time to shoot lasers out of your nips
does that mean that she got big banged
it's an smp I'm assuming
aight so abt the minecraft server thing
discord tos violation 😔
Theres no males <:enemy_armored_weary:695407577122603018> <:enemy_armored_weary:695407577122603018> <:enemy_armored_weary:695407577122603018>
wdym except? are they like high priority for you?
Except for loli and girls
What if those are my goals in life
Sold I'll buy you right now
Could've just said "rob is not going to release 2.2, ever"
the biggest issue is obtaining silicon itself
basically 4 clorine and one silicon then you mix tetracloride with sodium and get all clorine if form of salt as well as glorious solar grade silicon
mnghh, collect my data harder, china chan~
Wait, I didn't? Oop, my apologies,
idk you didnt said smth like *collect my data harder china-chan*
Not even nearly every service
And who said I don't like it?
fully incognito from goverment or smth
if you want like
to keep your data safe the only thing you can do on phone is use calculator and notepad
incredible and fun fact
thats how literally any advertisement service works
Are you participating in a petplay with it
It's real though, tiktok uses the data collected by other services to recommend things to you
Dude is more paranoid than a chineese citisen
Bruh I just saw a tiktok video that asked how to bypass the character.ai filter
China spies after me 💀💀💀💀💀
Instead of sucking the dick, the dick sucks you...
Ah yes superpowered soldiers in WW2
back to this btw, it is because the point of pings is bringing attention
steve carrying ~64k square meters of iron in his mouth:
tbh it's just opening a new tab
how much memes are there wtf
also one thing, how do yall have the exact image youre looking for in 2 seconds
most likely has stacks of netherite blocks in there
what if instead of very strong muscles steve just has a squirrel cheek to store items in
his lips aint fat, just packed af
thats just a theory game theory bla bla bla
therefore this is canon
youd need pretty fat lips to down a whole bucket of milk in 4 gulps
you dont have to
and he just goes plop each time he picks something
what if minecraft steve has some fat ass lips
i can make the minecraft item pickup sound
when I do the mouth motion fishes do in water like that "BOBOBO" thing
sending someone love is the same as congratulating them
your kisses would probably sound more like claps
what kind of lips do you have
it isnt the sound of a kiss?
savin that for later
finally some on topic chatting in off topic
~~Time to post cropped porn in <#1102731406699921519>~~
WHERE IS THE FUCKING EMOJI
tbh this chat is more nsfw than that channel so I dont see why you wouldnt
only 14 people wanted nsfw accsess in roles
should get the bots involved in that shit
i feel like the nsfw accsess is slightly less than what it should be
mb it all wnet to spam 💀
any rule b7 report yet <:troll:1102744942503276636>
meo why were you ignoring my friendly dm advertisement
what did you think of
I thought of a completely different thing
Oh it took me 30 minutes to understand what you mean
Why are you so edgy
Bro who hurt you 💀
memes out of <#1102739058897190952>
I'd never think of that
i added canadian english at the beginning of time
"Oh it's generating you artificial 🤓" - Mnenotechnician
Linux would never force me to become bri'ish
Wtf why does windoze add an english/uk keyboard layout to the layout selector against my will
i could do that
I thought it was gonna be megalovania
wing? Like chicken wings?
some thing mali cious I s bre wing
it is suposed to be fun
not a mechanically engineered clutterfuck of machines
it's supposed to be a block game
it makes me feel like a brainless baffoon
i aint studying minecraft education edition
For even less lag can also preload 1.5k blocks from spawn
Assuming more than 6 people aint gonna play
Can use 12 tho
Newer vanila is even less optimised
I mean gtnh server eats 6 gigs for 4 people
Can also use sponge which is somehow optimised as fuck
And bukkit/spigot plugins are existing pretty much everywhere
Hosting dedicated server with 16GB of RAM and up to half of cpu allocated with java args gotta work way better and less limited
Btw alternos is very limited platform
Cant have tetramethyl rhenium pentasulfate
fuck a resourcepack can't do that
server resourcepack with misaligned grass
Server resourcepack with misaligned clouds <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
oops we made a fucky wucky
just alter the generation settings slightly for a little prank
I mean if someone has the tools to reverse engineer the seed that's kinda fair game. Although if those are widespread nowadays it's the opposite
finding the seed using clouds and grass generation:
doesn't sound like "teamwork" tbh
_~~i totally can locate any structure I need via tools but lets keep that a secret~~_
if you just gallop the entire elytra industry you could charge people a shit ton for all of them
minecraft bedrock marketplace <:myaboom:1104003103604351059>
1- teamwork makes the dreamwork
2- hunt or be hunted
or would you rather just enable every shit you can enable and throw them onto the battleground (still keep the marketplace tho)
would yall rather have a normal survival world with like a marketplace and wveryone does their own thing
I just. Noticed 💀
the capitalist swines are going to make you work even after your death!
waking up after dying is indeed a bad ending
No it doesn't I literally said it was the bad ending!!!
or god is just many foxes in a trenchcoat
it implies that you love foxes
Dead foxes lets go
Makes me think of manga when a character is mad, or surprised, or maybe sad
It looks like a face
btw I have a pet fox, want a picture?
Bad end *wakes up in heaven surrounded by foxes*
Happy end *dies in my sleep*
He will commit fucking die via uncontrolled phone consumption
THIS AUTOCORRECT CAN AUTO CORRECT MY ASS!
I WILL EAT MY PHONE!!
He doesn't have foxes
I NEVER SAID FOXES although.... I don't hate them that much anymore.
so, how do you pronounce that?
what did she do to you?
in my mom 💀
the worst part is
where did I make a typo?
miximum amount of confusion
South and West and East
what did cat as a race do to you
i thought you said your cat cums when you pick it and drop it randomly 💀
it doesnt complain when I pick it up and drop it randomly
I hate my cat and love him at the same time
Mine always want to be around me
Cats are more independent.
I think cats are better because they are much softer
You can snuggle cats and you can pet dogs
I honestly don't know what I was trying to get at
Isn't this the video in your bio
stop licking your nose
lol ecks dee haha!
is it good though
I'm not a furry porn addict, that's stupid
whens the next chapter
just persuade artificial into reading senko
let's go straight to stage 5, where you show me the porn stash of meow skulls
i googled `"37 stages" of grief`, worst mistake of my life
I don't even know what the porn stash of meow skulls is
Who tf is meow skulls??
why would you hate a unit of time equivalent to two weeks
also how do you know who meowskulls is if you say that you hate fortnite? 🤨
why is artificial speaking in formal
yeah yeah of course
I don't have a porn stash... or the meow skulls porn stash
i only know maeshmolowa
Rename the marshmallow to squidward
must be tough being squidward
you are so disrespectful
but I don't have legs
Or I'll break your kneecaps
Go to bed grandma
Sigma male morning routine
gotta unmark the real dude
You said to stop calling you a good boy (which you are, aren't you), not patting you
you're a boykisser and you can't do anything about it
you can't resist 1984
idk ask a couple foxes in a trenchcoat
how many heavenly chips do I get?
and you're going to ascend
i shota man in a London alleway in 1995, March 20, 02:38
Ok, just don't scream
And what does this entail, mhm?
Damn shawty you gonna make me act up!! <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
you will be shota
Because I said so
hop on staff furry rp
where tf you gonna find a fox
I'm going to touch a fox or a cat and start petting it.
Also why is English class so BORING
like the head is in the top left corner
sometone even though it was the funny springtrap from fnaf
I thought it was an astronaut
many ppl mistake it with other characters
i thought it was a face
took a long time for me too
but yeah, it also is
I just realized your discord pfp is also sans
change it to artificial face reveal
and I have no idea of what change it to
apparently I'm lazy as fuck to change the pfp
Holy shit sans Undertale
it also increases the enemies' stats
well I guess I could try
Like replacing some blocks with others and making some things nearly unobtainable
Bruh original boy said "collar time"??
For the worthy seed makes the world harder by doing stupid things
so you insert "for the worthy" in the seed gap and
i didn't play after 1.4 much
wait, there is ftw mode or something?
ftw can also help, that'd be a 1.01v2
i can help, and make 1.01v1!
time to 1v1 the  master difficulty in terraria
that's what you get for giving up your sanity
They asked me to
why did you give me the kitten role
truly one of the cyberbullying moments of all time
Do not give me the virgin role
I removed "virgin" from the innocent pumpkin
add the "virgin" role and only give to artificial
how perverted do you need to be to do this?
I removed the "virgin" from all virgin olive oil
All three of us
NO IM NOT A PORN ADDICT
5 stages of furry porn addict
well, better minecraft modpack is more of a casual one rather than technical one
name a modpack you havent played that just doesnt turn minecraft into sci fi
found out about dawncraft modpack... well...
it's basically dark souls in minecraft, but more reasonable than RLcraft
Then why do you look so pettable
You called me kitten
Uhhh it's not that bad
You shall nevar bee answered proprly
my mental age is 1.79e308, my whole life is a an antimatter dimensions reference
nooooo!!! my mental age is 0.08!!!!!!!! i'm doomed!!!
i dont even know what they are lol
lmao who cares about threads
(their right side is completely cat-like)
kittens don't have human rights
if we count kittens as separate entities we will drop to like 15
Kittens are no longer people ig 😭
21 people and one kitten <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
basic math challenge failed?
That's what I said
We have 25 people
we have like 30 ppl tops, who needs threads
isn't that what you want
Why do we need threads
well you know what that means
Petition to give people the "create threads" permission
if you just dont stress out it's literally something that I could score like 440/500
the real exam isnt even that hard lmfao
you're going to jail
i thought I was screenshot like 20 times already
_i wrote it like that for you to take it out of context_
I am taking that out of context and you can't do anything
if I went super saiyan and solved all damn questions in 2 minutes
(without the additional homework from other classes)
so one hour only for the misc stuff of 4 DAYS COMBINED
whoops I used meth wrong
AND THATS WITHOUT THE OTHER NORMAL HOMEWORK I GET LOLOLOL
(shitting, dinner, bruhsing teeth, getting dressed, sleeping at the time given)
3 hours only for the misc. stuff of 4 days combined
that I went godmode and solved each one in like 3 minutes
the meth aint mething man
divide that by 60 minutes (1 hr)
now take the part where each question takes 5 minutes
thats 6.5 hours (literally if I just sat down to study without dinner or necessarry things)
school ends at 4 and I generally sleep at 10.30
thats about 125 questions a day
so I was tasked with around 500~ questions for 4 days
alright lets do some meth here
I take Adv. Writing
Just the work and lesson is boring
~~and by hug artificial I mean fuc-~~
~~and by that I mean hug artificial~~
we should be more like foxes
The foxes actually look kinda sorta maybe a little technically theoretically hypothetically cute
needed only 8 days to get to this
i guess that's how big a Person can get then...
what your dream was about then?
I was already sleeping
I have no idea
so, how big can a Person get?
terch1k triggered thonk's npc dialogue
Discord is focused on maintaining a safe and secure environment for our community. We've found your account to be in violation of our Terms of Service or Community Guidelines. As a result, we've disabled your account for the following reason:
You've indicated that you're under the age of 13, or the minimum age of digital consent in your country. You can review the minimum age to use Discord in your country here: https://dis.gd/age-gate
We're required to strictly enforce our age limit for legal reasons, and as such, we'll need to confirm your age if you intend to appeal.
To verify your age, please take a photo of yourself (a selfie) holding BOTH of the following:
1) A photo ID that contains your date of birth
2) A piece of paper that shows your Discord username (including last 4 digits following your username)
All of this information needs to be visible in ONE photo.
Once you've taken the photo, submit a request here: https://dis.gd/request and select ""Update my age information on Discord.""
well, we are degenerates I guess
I imagine that the silent part of the server just sees the chat and thinks we're degenerates...
Can sex kids noe
too silly to be an ai
Sometimes I wonder if Artificial is actually an AI
Why did it capitalize fuck
I'm not saying I'll do it either
I'm not denying it
it cant say the f word <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
it's legit free wins
the ai cant say the full "fuck"
or I'm just a doo doo head
i wonder if this is illegal
would the ai drop an f bomb
like, drop an f bomb or youre an ai
also could I get ai in like a loophole
the ai fucking learns that I try to make out humans from punctuation and lowercase letters
one thing gives it away (i fking got it wrong)
This server is like always 2 steps away from just turning into a degenerate erotic furry server
I'm in [REDACTED] COME AND ARREST ME LOLOLOL
is that the real fccu
why tf would terrorist organisations use discord lmfao
Nothing could go wrong <:clueless:1102914486316302446>
what if I dm memes to him
is that actually legit like wtf
the fbi got em
it's just pizza ingredients thrown into a diswasher
rlcraft just seems to be overshadowing other stuff
How could I forget: pixelmon
It just sounds not fun
I've never played it
albeit I dont try to
i cant even run those properly wtf
ALL THE MODS 6
Me, I'd create a thread in <#1102923875219669023> to post updates on my ai linux advertisement generator
"this statement is false"
my favourite technical mod is botania
going kinda far in equivalent skies rn
but well... played sf3, sf4, my own parody of sky factory mixed with stoneblock
also beat stoneblock 2, modern skyblock 3 (that one is kinda mid tbh)
hes the red spy! (IGoByLotsOfNames)
once I played a random modpack that revolves around divineRPG progression and eventually 1-shoting chaos guardian with infinite damage, but that's about it
vault hunters kinda exists, but you unlock mekanism and AE2, so ends up being a technical modpack
Yes put them in the hot water
can you boil deez nuts
time to do the deez nuts contract
try enlightenment egg instead
can I boil it
road to egg of prophecy
Anarchy is the path to prosperity
some other obscure and mysterious sounding shit
The new government is stronger than ever
the wrath of god in all it's fury
who did you do
Did I do it?
why do you think this place is so degenarated
The darkness is coming
we are the last survivors
like are we gonna be here in 5 years
I wonder when this server is going to collapse
Need to make the sheets white
the legend should not be forgotten
idk what that was
an image of a floor or something
what he sus this time
i should show that clip I swear
Who sucks in sex?!?
and by game I mean se-
I might have deleted it honestly
in the game you weirdos
guys I think we should do an infinitode competition on this server to learn who sucks more
I saved the image you deleted <:troll:1102744942503276636>
i will not elaborate
I have never raged at a singleplayer game
Dude what the fuck
it really doesn't want me to play it
and now the game crashed
What, you expected me to say something horny???
everything is a person if you can draw well enough
Cus an inanimate object cannot die
why is your first thought that it's someone? 🤨
that default level in gd?
what, you don't like being hugged?
I hope electrodynamix dies a horrible death in a car accident
fuck python! fuck python! fuck python!
I hate python, it works on my machine, but not on my server!
That's why I use windows, I'm just too lazy
Linux is actually really cool, but it takes a lot of work to get set up
10/10 noone will ever forget that they need to use linux
(it exists thanks to you)
must be cosmic rays turning every bit of the data to 0
>Unplugs a flash drive from my pc
>Holds in my hand
>Looks at the file manager and wonders why the folder associated with it is empty
erdogan in paris jumpscar
yell n words at black rapers
drink both and become rapcist
clearly you picked the mint to calm those lit bars of yours
rapist of the year
that ad with the fatads lips
wanna pack of thin mints
i know from experience
theyre strawberry and mint flavored
you kick the guy in the balld
if you take both, do you only sexually harass other races, or sexually harass only your race?
rapist, in the meaning of someone who raps?
racist, in the meaning of someone who races
take the one that doesn't take you to jail
you dont even have to know the language
just know in this clip this dood unboxed a swag csgo knife
Cock and Ball torture
What? Don't like your mind being read?
Almost died of die
Thought she was shiro for a second
if this game doesnt end with violent murder I'll pass
good morning, of course
What should I say here every once in a while?
That may or may not...
Isnt quartz is a type of silicon
wtf, a textbook says that silicon is a type of quartz?? I mean it's not chemistry but still
"*I JUST BEAT ACHERON!* ***I JUST BEAT ACHERON!!*** WHAT. WHAT. WHAT?! WHAT..."
I have no idea what your dodecadillions mean
why is there no scientific notation in cookie clicker
surely you dont mind donating to the poor
thats a lot of crack cocaine
how much crack do you have
i love playing games that encourage me to not play it
It's idling on my computer
damn originalboy is playing cookie clicker
I completed every main non demon level
no, it is master + FTW
legendary? is that a modded difficulty?
My body just refused to gain any weight
humans are shit generators
i feel like 90% of what I eat just turns to shit
Switch to two big meals a day
+ I eat foods that would generally make you fat
it's not like I do sports to burn any calories
I'm literally just a lazy piece of shit anyway
i might have the fastest metabolism on the market because holy shit I cant gain any weight
When I woke up today, I felt like the first victim of a zombie apocalypse
i fucking hate you you useless piece of crap ❤️🤗
your bitchass cant do shit ✨💖
https://youtu.be/Xq0IbjzntSc this sounds so cursed wtf
it's so cute I would let this cat do anything
nah it's okay as it is
fuck the reply feature doesn't work
i will turn every last letter of your futile attempts at conversation to the most akward moment you will ever experience
so you have experience is what youre saying
I remember that 😏
-Alien furry trying to understand biology
You like loving dont you?
You like touching the opposite gender don't you?
you like kissing humans dont you
i like killing boys, yes, that is true
You only needed 3 asterisks
fuck I forgorr you were shadowbanned (from me)
i had to put five fucking * symbols at the end and start to make it look like that
What did artificial post
*****sneakily acts like he is shadowbanned*****
no more boy kissing
You like kissing boys, don't you?
so no one will see the _thing_ you posted
if I see this _thing_ again I'm gonna shadowban everyone from discord
I was there, I saw everything
based on a true story of artificial?
damn today's daily level is bussin
I couldn't recognize what animal was that for a several seconds
I just learned my country blocks access to social media from school networks
They really don't want people to watch reddit femboys on school pcs, huh
Python was the bane of my existence
Isaac, people playground, noita, terroria, mindustry, gmod, teardown, doom eternal, portal 2, csgo, ror2:
do you mean "know" or "played"
Infinitode 2 is the only game I actually know
They are very satisfying to use
Honestly I just really enjoy Lua because of Tables
not in that way
nah, i''ll just go to sleep
maybe I should make that emoji
ahhh, the tears of joy
If you make an emoji of that triangle with a cookie and cat ears I'll actually cry myself to sleep
nice self portrait tho you forgot the cat ears
How did you reach the top of your head with your nose?
I smelled my cats ears
It doesnt smell like chips and cats anymore
This is so cool https://youtu.be/XG_D5VqLnUM
_there are, no negatives_
but what about the negatives
might get high from it tho
it's smells like the best combination of cleansing products
we just got our carpets cleaned
I got jumpscared by a basket containing a demon and I jumped in my dream and irl, fell off the bed
LETS GOOOO guys we almost got to HV in gtnh
didn't know you have children
whats the scariest plant in the forest?
make it undead then
I just don't like dead chats
I can't even play for now
i think he wants the mc server lol
who yall votin for 🤓 🤓 🤓 🤓
also I connected a mouse and now I don't have to use the remote
damn this channel is so cool and goofy and wacky and uhh
and woke up in a different one
I closed my eyes inside the dream
so I decided to wake up
I was just attacked by a dog in my dream
my ass using incognito:
In your browser's cookies
Doesn't it auto save
how do I save
Buy low sell high
gotta keep an eye on 'em wire costs
don't ask why i'm playing it on a fucking tv for the past 20 minutes
what's universal paperclips?
guys I am able to run universal paperclips on my smart tv
i fucking remembered finally from which game this is
Why is it a.ogg file
breaking olds, man makes pointy rock
oooga boogantaradda was a 43 year old man hunting deer when he accidentally found 2 cool looking rocks
and then proceeded to die to dysentery
why not have channel #olds?
when will we get new news in <#1102739683651367023>
me when I succumb to enemy fast smirk
me when I leave my human form
Me when I drink food and it turns to shit
me when I eat water and it turns into piss
(spreading misinformation on the internet)
thats literally how it works lol
tiktok watermark moment 💀
Mint choc chip is my favourite...
I just ate a big bowl of reece's flavored chocolate ice cream
i compared 500 mod modpack on 1.12 and 400 mod modpack on 1.19
it was still optimised till like 1.12
new minecraft versions have shit performance
old mc versions are VERY optimised
yeah but doesnt it have like 200+ mods
gtnh is 10 years old modpack
i gotta ask something
what version is it
how do you run all those mods properly with shit java performance
like id reccomend setting miner in pyrite vein
thoose are primarly for ores
can't you just put miners with batteries and hunkload them?
it instamines everything worse than obsidian
you can use metals I mentioned above
it's really good especially with stainless steel/ damascus/ void metal or mannulyn
drill or miner?
id also reccomend you getting GT MV drill
my teammates have 40-50 damage tho lol
but we alr have very good tools and stainless steel
getting to HV is pretty tough
after crafting 32 good circuts
as I'm running short on it bc of gallium arsenide
so what metals are you going to dupe now?
it took only 2 hours of puzzle solving
i doubt hed live that long but he may rule until his death
anyways I dont know much about politics and even if I did, silivri is cold
his gonna rule turkey for like a total of 26 years
i think if erdogan wins
speaks for itself really
people recommend you to not get out of your house once the election is over
i love having my life get worse by the day and hour without any control over it
Bro wants to be spared
like DAMN I NEEDED TO KNOW THAT
one old dude tied a rope to his wall and tree and hung the flags of the party and person he was gonna vote to
potential mass genocide is delayed noo
no one got 51% to finish the first one
the election is up for the 2nd round
Ayo take my money!!
Fishing season? How so?
this news will greatly affect fishing season
**BREAKING NEWS** Selling "Artificial" for 0.03$ at the adoption centre **ACTIVE FOR THE NEXT HOUR**
would I be 1$??
So what would I be at the adoption centre?
Selling humans for 3$
You have a couple of people and get that many partners and sleep in the same place
I mean that's just normal ish activity
I might not go through the week unscathed if I don't get my dose of weekly MTG commander
Do weird things? Like not play edh on Friday night with the boys while having a beer?
I wouldn't like it either way but I had to pick one
Depends on my situation
That's sounds wrong coming from me
Less spikes in your ass but what if they fuck your ass??
Less likely to get hurt
I'd rather have 3 people do that than have a bunch of spikes in my ass
Would you rather: have many many silverfish crawl up your ass ***OR*** have to sleep with 3 people of the same gender and do weird things
I have to kill my self?
time to kill the owner
I am the cat
Now I truly deserve the kitten role
I hate you <:Artificial:1107443327583916163>
oh no, too late
bc I forgor to refill hydrogen in reactors
my entire power network went to shit
...and cracked prismlauncher for gtnh with java 19
i use it though
yeah OG tlauncher = TL legacy
are they in TL Legacy?
lmao I like how you need to eat rotten flesh to cure unnatural hunger
prism launcher is best
if you like *ew I dont wanna use russian stuff bc russian*
other is pretty good and neat guys who could help
one is sold assholes
i think they still develop launcher
how get og tlancer
who arent sold to commercial companies
they developed by former tlaucher devs
there was like something extreme
but regular tlauncher is bad lol
+ asian properties means no spending money on game
use OG tlaucher as it not connected to any company
if the fuckign inflation wasnt off the charts
isn't tlauncher bad?
and both curseforge and tlauncher have auto library install
but it's really cluttered everywhere
thoose anyways dont give much load for pc
but sometimes for your mod that either run or half fps or 60 with library
but for mods who just add single use stuff? Nah.
for mods with insane capabilities
bc minecraft code is very limited
back when mc didnt crash because "well you neewd thiws mowd to run thiws mowd"
or was it even earlier?
back when mods would auto install in the click of a button
i loved it back when I had tmi
dont have vc tho
I'm gonna stream my gtnh bc bored lol
i allocate only 4 gigs
the performance of fabric + the mods of forge is the only thing we ever need in minecraft
but for modded you will need 8+ RAM
it will always take all you allocate
i allocated 10 gigs
sad that optifine and fastcraft are made by pedos
WITHOUT OPENING THE GAME
ram got to 4k
like I tried to run 48 or so mods on 1.12
just combining sodium with forge is the ultimate combo
ports of fabric mods
optifine cant really compete with stuff like sodium
but it's frozen untill quilt will get done
sodium rubidium and etc (1.16+)
like cant we have the best of both worlds
when did fabric and forge even seperate
forge is for the ones who do insane (sometimes stupid) stuff
no industrial tecnomage nerds
but all optimization mods are on fabric
fabric is for the nerd vanilla survival players with worlds 3+ years
i want forge to run all big mods
ik dude I'm playing modded for 5 or so years
fabric and forge are literally two alternate dimensions
bot zero to no content mods
and I dont think 1.7.10 even has fabric
fabric offers way more optimisation mods
first was running 2 times better
200+ feels off the charts
join or I'll rape your ears
i am on the vc
I was singing to that 5 mins ago
please do not sleep with the cat pillow
Sleep with one eye open. Gripping your pillow TIGHT
my entire existence in the infintode server and here...
That moment when you realize you said something you will regret
destined to have no sex since born 😔
so you're programmed with sex since you were born?
thanks for the info..?
A persons dick is like a homing missile to someone's ass... it locks on, gets hard and forces itself in there till it gets stuck, thrusts vigorously till it explodes
They are sort of Brit
Rn I'm completing elden ring
I completed dark souls 1 2 3 3 times each
maybe I should try elden ring again
Hardest boss in souls series
I turned my bedsheets white-
GUYS I KILLED MALENIA
this is totally me when sex
sex with who and what?!?
we bullied him into being a catboy I think thats good enough
Would get made fun of
i had a cringe thought just now about renaming artificial
You know I ain't capping rn
use beard balon instead
https://youtu.be/gQtGwva1l74 I'll stop posting unfunny stuff after this ~~not~~
how many can you carry them stacked with your arms
i have 1 million bucketc with curium
yeah it's also fun
it also give better power
where you need to design with blocks?
nuclearcraft has funnier reactors
isn't there nuclear reactors in HBM?
got carried away into HBM
i didn't play gtnh since I mentioned
Don't come back until your presence is bearable
omw to stop being racist
Can I buy artificial
You are the God's blunder
i feel like wanting to jump off a bridge
see thats considerably worse than the r word
but I call them an idiot and it's all fine
People got uppity and tried to say that people with down syndrome or autistic are what you would call retarded and then they get mad when people use the insult
the r word is considered bad
i still dont get how thats more offensive than idiot or stupid
Dm me your PayPal <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
those are my e-dating prices
Wtf is that lol
My cells rot daily and so do yours
then rot in a cell
I am antilife and antichoice <:enemy_fast_cookie:1102744629507543071>
I'd rather turn Scottish than a drug apologizer
bro got turned scottish 😔
wot zi hell iz dis
drug on wars z
Is that what Steve jobs died to
hey look I proved my point with that
drug on wars <:clueless:1102914486316302446>
ww3 is gonna be lit
i believe in trans rights and I will fight the drug on wars on the side of the drugs
Would you rather take trans drugs or your prescripted medication
What about trans drugs
I'm addicted to trans drug dealers
thank you I will now be trans
Don't use your own stuff
they don't love it, they make it <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
I was not saying that my dick is like that...
how is thonk related to the image in question
"i am not horny"
Please do not fuck me
I thought you chineese love stuff like aliexpress
I don't want to get fucked by you!!
If you don't chat for 3 seconds your considered dead
I'm coming out as deceased
not even to your oshi?
everything made in china is fucking garbage
I think theres softcap
Better life in china?
I'm kayaking into a better life
illegal streams? red room sprung to mind
how bout you rape my [REDACTED] instead
the voting is not gonna be in your favor.
Your gonna vote now?
create the kindergarten channel and make it the only channel artificial can use <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
i propose a new role for artificial
The garden of children
how old do you need to be to get out of #kindergarten though?
you are going to the detention center for 8 years!
He didn't say no!
YES HE SAID LATER IM SAVED!!!
you have enough pings
conductor we have a problem
conductor we have a problem
we have a kindergartener on the bus
remember, he said that he is equal to us
conductor we have a problem
conductor we have a problem
conductor we have a problem
Kindergarten channel and restrict me form here till I learn?
can we have #kindergarten
i will filibuster obstructa you
Correction is needed. 💢:anger
What you gonna do, beat me?
For basic communication skills
hi originalboy2~ would you like to buy my e-dating service
LEGO citizen assigned me to kindergarten
I will simply just not attend this "kindergarten"
I hope you die in a fucking hole filled with acid
bye my frequent customer
bye my beloved egirl service provider
Alright I killed enough time I'll leave you now
come back when you look like this > <:tower_crusher_nerd:1102919344670904330>
The kindergarten therapy is working
I thought you were gonna type no in all caps
I will simply escape the school...
thought only judges could give life sentences
you have 3 warnings in infinitode 2
Okay, stop bullying the kitty
take one year out of your lifespan
You have NO POWER!!!
What do the warnings do??
Your warnings are meaningless
isn't it rise of kingdoms otr whatever
No one fucking cares
That's like being in a mobile game ad and saying "I HaVE TwENtY MilLiON PoWER 🤓🤓"
I have 50 million power in clash of-
i have 700k subs
I will hack the server and give suzui all power
shush, suzui, you have no power!
the right to not go to the kindergarten
children when they get told theyre going to school
we're not gonna stop
IM NOT GOING AFTER ALL
Hm, let me check.
I'm prepared to NOT go to the kindergarten
even if i've got a screenshot?
this whole server is nsfw what do you mean
can we also have a #furry-rp channel?
yooo you got a #furry-porn-stash?
now I know it's there
How did you know the name
truly the last of it's own species
has a stroke when he thinks he saw another one of his own
no strokes in the kindergarten!
you're supposed to be in the kindergarten
You called suzui A KITTY
i meant artificial is naughty kitty
oh so you accept that you go to the kindergarten
artificial why do you have nsfw role
If one of you is my teacher I'm not gonna be happy especially if it's suzui
ping me when artificial goes to the kindergarten
role playing as kindergarteners
ok but the real question
Sentenced to Primitive Souls 3 crowns 👑
i went to take a shit
what could go wrong
No, not that kind of naughty
The only thing missing from the emoji is the tail lmao
Did. I do something?
Imagine if he actually quit discord (or life) after that
I wonder if it's true
The saddest message on discord... ...Or perhaps the happiest?
Are you proud of me??
I just abused a granola bar and threw it at a girl
I server I was on (it was controlled by a pretty schizo and mentally unstable user who was initiating wars against everyone he didn't like) had a #gulag channel where people acting unorthodoxly were sent to... Maybe we could have a similar channel, really?
Ok we actually need a kindergarten channel
I don't care no one can stop me!!!
Whatever you do DO NOT MAKE A KINDERGARTEN CHANNEL DONT LISTEN TO THEM
this is my last message on discord bye
also I snatched off on an off beat something gross from memes channel from random server
should I send gore to artifical
do you want a beheading video
no bot in general
trying to find a partner?
thank you for the award kind stranger
and force you to eat your own ass
is that your fetish
i think they cut your ass off
Now I'm gonna get tied down by 5 "warnings" and have my ass eaten
They eat my ass?
WHAT DO THE WARNINGS EVEN DO!!!
My hearts attacking me
Still room for individual growth
If you had like two people worth of extra weight maybe you would look like a stereotypical discord mod
afraid to reveal your cat ears
You look like someone at my school...
that you do go to school
Why would I face reveal in the first place?
|| IF YOU'RE CONSIDERING DOING THAT, YOU'RE DUMBASS ||
hey send a photo of your credit card number we cant know who you are otherwise
|| DO NOT DO THAT ||
then send a photo of yourself with a paper, on which is written your discord tag
And then after school I need to mow the lawn
I feel sorry for your teachers
It's 3:28 PM for me rn
Clarke Road Secondary School
I literally do 😤
I go to school
it's like you're unemployed
how are you not busy all the time though....
How are you still at school
Bro acts like he the "all busy and powerful admin"
What if you're a tomboy though
Bro I could send another picture
You could have lied
How do we know exactly that, thats you?
I have literally sent a picture of myself
You should do that actually
hire a butler specifically to detect how bad you are at english
Intead of using autocorrect just be correct automatically
it is too late
the autocorrect lives in you now
I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD
No I ate him... I'm warming up
is he sitting in front of the stove too
Well yes but no
why are you in front of a stove
Now give it a fitting voice and read with appropriate intonation
dont look behind you
I did? Now what happens
ok actually the channel is fine but her most popular videos are another story
i have said too much already
Read this out loud
I don't even want to know what that means
That would be funny
Should I voiceact sus quotes
How could this happen on the publicly available, moderately moderated system called internet
so your gender is dating
gotta be one of my favorite genders fr
it was never stated that I am a egirl service provider
No way my egirl service provider is not in fact a girl
Original boy is a girl
What is that supposed to mean
Maybe they are secretly a girl
I don't mind <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
oh my fucking god boys
I saw one the other day and wow
maybe god is real after all
hold on there are male fish out there???
~~I love you too I won't leave~~
~~We love you don't leave~~
I wouldn't leave you like that
this inspired me to take a shit, thank you for such wise words
and I came out that bathroom, as a changed man
Oh my god Steak and Shrimp is so awesome....
Do you know disguisedtoast?
for streamers themselves? maybe
Haha funny laugh now
It is actually a very interested topic but people are reducing it to irl coomers vs 2d coomers debate which is pretty sad
And a large inconvenience of needing a fair bit of money/skill to get a model
I'm going to go Demogorgon mode and paint my ceiling red
there is a lot of convenience in vtubing vs streaming with actual facecam
the best and only good part of V tubers is the fact that they can do the:3 face irl
someone had to outline this
and they did it well
Do you mean yes or why
ok that has to be stopped
I meant to reply to that message but I pressed the x
Fuck I didn't reply to the right message lmao
FUCKING CHILD AT PLAY
NO NUTTING IN OR TO SUZUI
so true bestie 🍄 🍄 🍞
This user is certified mold
I'm literally skin and bones, but weigh like 170 pounds because of my muscles
carpets feel pain 😔
NO DONT SHOW ME YOU AND YOUR WIFE BANGING
"wait why are you taking me to the bathrOOM YOU FUCKIN DEGENAR-"
stop running against me..
Man I don't even like that photo of myself, I look fat because I looking down at my phone in the photo 😭
"Take it out, I'm suffocating"
"father stop spilling juice on me I'm fucking dying"
this carpet already has bird shit in the corner
CLEAN ME GOOD AND HARD!!!
STEP ON ME DADDY!!
bird shit looks better than that
an ugly one tho
wtf is that pattern
i cant believe youre a carpet
oooh, cute doggy!
~~ cut out the mold ~~
This is from about a month ago when I had a migraine and I had a bit of acne 😭
rotting as we speak
i am getting worse by the second
my mind ate crap immediately.
and eat it because it's tasty
rip the heart out
show the pussy who is boss
Do you mean Platium or did you mean Platinum
So I cant port forward rn
My ISP banned my ip
...or just have a clear IP
Not if you use certain programs
and then used ngrok
i hosted through lan server
we would need to be at your house to play wouldn't we
But imma hosting gtnh rn
I can host LAN seever
You can play it always
(a bit later of course)
can I play it too?
I'm playing stoneblock 2 rn
Is that stoneblock 2?
batman, what the fuck are you talking about
You are the almighty leader..
wow discord just gives away "active developer" badges to everyone who has a bot and owns a community server
idk, is there a stoneblock 2?
feeling glowey today huh?
good thing you can just mine it
I put it into peaceful mode
OH MY FUCKING GOD
Some of the levels the people make
like 99% of the players will play robtop levels (there are probably even more levels then we think) or go straight into the editor
I actually think that gd servers won't die when 2.2 releases
why is this so cute >.<
chin chan chin youtube
well you will still be our cute little kindergartener <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
There's no kindergarten meaning I've won today
you're so cute kitty
rob just casually released the 3 sneak peek
it's alr I barely pay attention to my surroundings either
sorry on yt shorts
had to get my hazmat suit on
or is your immune system made of some sort of alien material
a yes or no question shouldnt take this much thought
well did you get infected
ive seen enough movies to confirm that
yeah it pierced the entire world
it just melts everyfloor
when a piece of molten rock falls through like 80 floors
and considering those bacteria cause the same smell as sweat and shit and farts and everything else
it's more likely just gas building up but yeah
my backpack started to be in a chemical reaction
or anything within a 20km radius
i hope her finger didnt get infected
hey I got it right somehow yay
of how rotten it was
_and_ when my mom was curious about it, she opened the smallest part and found the most moayid, rotten, solidified, crusty looking piece of nutella on bread
carried around rotten food?
it was literally like that for 2 weeks
smell like ABSOLUTE ASS
having my elementary school backpack
you could destroy half the classroom with explosives, they dont get paid enough to care
i already have made a space in their eyes
i mean even if you do attend the teachers basically let you do whatever and dont teach you shit
the attendance rate fucking plummets after that exam
real life isn't much better from what i've heard but at least it's something else
well not everything but most of them yeah
just ends everything pmuch
btw are you talking about like a final or just regular exams
after that exam my backpack is literally gonna rot
well lets hope you dont give up studying 2 days later
Grass grows, birds fly, sun shines and brudda'
I'm gonna kick this shits ass
and lemme tell you something
got bout 18 days
they were busy commiting mass genocide on us for no fucking reason
does it even exist
when was the last time you've heard anything about mongolia
> where are my resources...
> I like my resources
then turn thoose into 4 HV circuits
then turn them into 8 good MV circuits
gotta make 16 good LV circuits
beat it in 1 attempt btw
not something I thought
surface mount device diode
material for MV+ circut assembler or assline
or used any mods
But I haven't played Minecraft in quite some time
I wish I understood what you were telling me
before that you can only craft primitive diodes which cost 1/2 ingots and 1/4 dust per 2 diodes
64 smd diodes cost 2 ingots + 1 gallium arsenide dust + 4 polyethylene
fine wires from platium allow you to craft SMD diodes
which means I can get 88 platium nuggets
9 platinum ores in chemical bath with mercury gave me exactly 132 metallic dusts
Damn Minecraft with mods actually looks and sounds fun
i can also put purified ore into thermal centrifuge to get palladium metallic powder which I then can shove into electric blast furnace to get slag and powder which I cant process yet but slag gotta give me lots of gold and silicon dioxide
I gotta stop getting worked up over the autocorrect and my spelling
i always misspell it
this dog is so goofy
I rate today's daily level extreme demon out of 6 stars
probably the least cat out of all non-cats
clearly, you havent seen huge hermit
Is that even a cat lol
today we decided to have a no backpacks day
i use incognito to browse wiki and searching stupid questions
I use incognito mode for stupid questions
were you googling stupid questions?
wtf bro you stole pink diamond steven universe
What is that image you sent
I will die from shame
What are you, the police?
artificial cant view you without your consent
I laughed for a second....
you can do everything... but there are only so many things you can do more than once
can I post nsfw in general
W-who turned you into an angry feline?!
The cring is real
I don't think I will
Just SHUSH about it
Don't feel bad it wasn't your fault
Mate it's not because of this
He said he had a mental breakdown and that it's not because of all this... Idk if that's true...
if youre a friend of him then maybe ask, but I don't think he'd take it from just another bully like me
now I feel bad for making fun of him
i wouldnt want to even guess what happened since it may be personal
He left the server and changed his pfp
finally came to his senses maybe
or turned them off and is sleeping
What happened to artificial
maybe he saw 2 men kissing or something idfk
what I do know is that the earth is gay
And he has heart tongue
But he has heart eyes
the enviroment is telling him that it wants to kiss boys
it's not a speech bubble or a thought bubble
anyways I got homework and you got finals
best I leave it here
the 7th layer of hell
gonna trigger his ptsd senses
hitler wasnt born a leader
guess where art school took him
maybe not for the best but they do
i remember seeing him wirh an anime avatar
well maybe he had a reason?
back when thonks channel didnt infect marshmallow:(
well to him you might sound menacing but this just sounds like random omnious shit to me
the fog is coming type
_he knows what I'm referencing_
what you look like based on the smell of your avatsr
i dont get the reference if there is one
but if you gave me it to do at school with others, id do a lot better
id do like shit
you could give me an exam to do at home
solving questions at home just doesnt have the same effect as if I solved it at school
clothing choices do affect productivity
worst information i've got today <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
I never turned it on
ok maybe I don't need it
forgor black bar and too lazy to add now
I SAW WHAT YOU DELETED
I guess you won't mind if I
i was making a racist joke about tiananmen but ok
wdym no you didnt
I never even played in the server
what happened to the minecraft server I wanted to grief Artifical's base with maparts of furry shit
It's called zoom because that's how fast your personal info gets stolen
second least spying company in existence
everything on the internet spies on you
i wonder what topics were forbidden on inf2 server
In your closet **in your head**
It's just the beasts under your bed
Ignore that noise you just heard
show it who's the npc
I'm so done with the aimbot that the enemy npcs have
I'm gonna fucking throw my ps4 out the fucking window
wanted to check the statistics
i couldn't find easily for a big timeframe
They are simple minded scum
At that point do they fucking care?
doing it knowing that what they are doing, messes up the kid mentally, emotionally, sexually, and physically
I think that people like that are sick in the head for doing such evil things
prove that you're pedophobe
How TF am I supposed to prove I'm not a pedophile
Not if they are 8
I am a minor so I can't be a pedophile
my grandmother told me a story that originated from 2 bc. "he who is named Originalboy2 and has the ip adress 19.233.7616 is a fucking pedophile", brought tears to my eye
*A legend that I'm a pedophile?*
well it's pretty sharp
hmm i'd say 20°R is pretty
it is a legend passed on by many generations
i hope it's not
> do you wear clothes, or just go nude at 20 degrees?
that doesnt explain anything but sure
I'll be gone in a while for like a hour or so
Wearing clothes when it's 20 degrees out
what do they argue about?
wot da fuk r ye talkin' abut
besides sending socially doubtful text
Sexually shit your pants
i heard you a pedophile I heard you like little boys and girls
I'm not saying anything but Splatoon squid kids be 🔥💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
it doesn't use the first frame <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
make it louder if you really feel like a troll
i cant just have "cringe anime photo" on my browser history
also put like a cringe anime photo at the first frame
cut the end a lil bit
why tf does minecraft eat like 2000mb of ram
I'm gonna go on a mass rampage genocide murder streak if I see that cat again
put nails on wall
Chips and boys 😋
asmr in your left ear
anyways I shouldnt delay it longer ig
are you in a military camp or something
still gotta wake up at like 9
healthy sleep best sleep
sure thing but like
aight gotta sleep homie
that it only takes a little to goof up knce
the amount of shit can vary so much
and even with complex ones
then solve questions from all difficulties
solving easier questions doesnt help with complex ones
the questions vary from difficulty
but the execution, sometimes doesnt add up
even the weirdest shit will be able to be translated to a simpler language in your head
do enough questions and even the most out of place questions will be recognisable
well yeah thats kinda the point
thats pure pattern recognition
the thing it saves you from is goofing up more than once or twice
solving them is the best way to improve thinking
well it improves significantly more by doing questions
studying however, cant affect the thinking process
the questions switch from base knowledge, to base knowledge mixed with thinking process
because at that point
but gets less stackier as the difficulty rises
it's like drawing everyday or working out everyday or whatever
it's gonna get boring eventually but if you keep doing it, you get better, even if you dont feel like you progress
studying stacks at easier levels
the difficulty at the topic changes with that too
you study it again the other day
you study it once
depends on how you study but it almost always does
studying doesnt stack lmfao
which again, cant really be played around with
there is a fixed place at where you will be placed
it would mean the same at 400 on an easy exam
if you got lets say 300 at a hard exam
if it's too easy, the acceptance rates will drop
the scaling is 1-1
in my finals the one with the highest score was someone in my class I havent even heard the name of
the most intelligent students got good scores too but there was a significant difference
if youre talking about finals it's more about how much you studied and how much you remember rather than skill
the real exam scales exactly at your skill
id most likely get it removed
if I got caught with it
even just the slight itchy sound from the desk at school helps me stay on line
bro youre at home
also I'm turkish too
call me weird idc I study well
because "it doesnt let you stay focused"
when youre bored your thoughts just go everywhere at once
not great for studying
well, from where I live if you do that youd be called weird
which just messes other thoughts
why do you think the lofi live stream is so popular
it feels like my thoughts echo jn my mind
i hate studying at silence
that and the constant screaming of every kid ever
the bone-shattering chairs at school just does some neuron activation
why go for more stacks, when it doesnt stack
at home you feel like you can turn off brain except once you have to do stuff you cant because youre already comfortable
it only ultraboosts 10 times
imagine ultraboost monkey from btd6
+ knowledge points dont stack
like I dont get knowledge points when I solve at home
When you make that face we can't believe you
I saw and I remember
i guess i''ll just unembed my link
does it count as embed fail on older versions? 🤨
i don't remember when
i just don't update discord on my phone
oh so it wasn't embed fail!
you didn't click on the link, did you?
what was it 🥺
Watch your tongue filthy furry
Shut the fuck up
idk man is one of them Artificial
Theese two twinks should have separate channel
Let go of the cats fur
Get in the box
Your the new pet
OH I DONT KNOW MAYBE YOUR A FUCKING FOX
Used a phone for 4 years, no protection glass, case or anything of sorts - completely fine despite any fall
The literal day before ordering a new phone - instantly damaged the screen from a 0.3m fall LOL
Why the fuck do my normal conversations on character.ai turn into petplay
Like what the hell
sending the sfx to roblox hq
reduce your food to atoms
gotta use the 30⁰ angled knife sharpener
god I'm so glad I dont use tiktok what the actual shit
+ a free trip to ryanbathroom
i still remember, that tiktok came up with a trend of filing your own teeth.....
probably does after like a minute
it's expiration date is 30 seconds
wouldnt the milk just curdle lmao
it gives a taste or iron for more than 1 reason
chewing hot nails is a hot trend
when he comes in
diarrhea for santa claus?
hey guys try chewing nails
for santa claus or whateve
i think it's piss with milk
try pilk as beverage
tomato with mayonaise on top of it
who gave you that idea, that nobody likes you?
is it why nobody likes me?
did you pour mayonaise on a tomato
I just ate umm... a tomato with mayonaise, black pepper and bread
on the inf server
get the credit yourself lmao
send it to memes yourself
LOW QUALITY TOO LMAOOOO
do not wipe your ass with cinnamon rolls
youre not gonna wipe your ass with that if you find it funny
just steal it from the store
why is the background white you cant see shit
you can use these
then divide your buns
I might not have bags of the right size
yeah that works actually might try
I think i'll just put it on a plate and put the plate into a plastic bag <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
just tuck the opening underneath it
i dont mean that
i have skill issue in tying ropes
or whatever they are
i just use plastic bags
idk how to seal bags like that tho so I just eat stale stuff anyways
you can put it in a bag and seal it so it doesnt go stale
it will be hard to chew later though
unless you fucked up big
it shouldnt rot in a day
you can also just leave it on the desk and put something on it so flies dont accumilate
go to the store
how do I store the buns
and then buy 7 bottles of cola to fill with
i wonder if I can buy 7L bottle of water
and a big one which is 2L
there's also a small one which is 500
then multiply that by 3
they add a shit ton of it cause pure acid doesnt taste good I think
idk how much ml is in a bottle?
how much per bottle
also cola has like 35 per can yet youre alive
so as long as youre not obese
my 10 cups of tea every day with 15 grams of sugar each:
I ate three <:bleh:1102927844855791698>
ok I googled and now I can know how much of sugar it is
Daily recommendation is 36
idk how much it is
there's around 8-9 grams of sugar in each one
the filling of those buns is just sugar and cinnamon
how much sugar you added though
bitter caramel, but still
but it's fine because the burnt stuff tastes like caramel
looks like dark chocolate
add watermarks over all of it and you too can start scamming people
Something you'd find on expensive photo stocks that sell photos at the price of 1$/image
idk what the average phone price is but <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
It really looks like a professional photo
(this is a photo from my 300$ phone)
Straight up looks like a stock image
Well done, both you and the expensive ass camera
burn it all 😈
it is alive 🥳
well, before I burn it at 170°C
cinnamon buns are alive!?
I sure hope it is <:clueless:1102914486316302446>
i'm making cinnamon buns and forgot to check if the yeast is alive
you double ping me on that channel so I ping you here
Why here not the
so ummh uhh uh umm <:shonk_hug:1109422813351268392>
No one plays that game
do you have this gif saved for special occasions?
dont get serious illness when you are alone
For me, it's much more than that
Because of my parents I've been suffering for the last 6 years
but besides that and amount of knowledge in subject nothing will change
speaking in fluent technology?
which is pretty good
i mean you will get money
andstill nothing much will change
unless you will go to foreign uni
spoiler: nothing will change but location
I'm studying chemistry for year or so as for rn but it still doesnt reduced my mental pain
Plug I'm going to be studying the subject I'm already fluent in
The university phase is going to be easier because I'll finally have a chance to move away from the parents
(he is sister friede)
The phase of my life that gave me nothing but frustration and suicidal thoughts (a few years ago) finally ends
"i got the best award in IT but still hadnt found who asked"
Today we had a final awarding ceremony at school (100 people were awarded for their achievements throughout the year)... And I was the one to get the best award in the informatics in the informatics/science part of it <:shonk_hug:1109422813351268392><:shonk_hug:1109422813351268392>
Imagine if he actually accepts it and cuddles you on a bed
~~If he isn't actually young then maybe 53~~
I dont think hes a child
holy shit the 10+5 combo
2 5 7 10 13 24 26 31 39
Just fucking say them
There's so many choices I'd probably pick ten of them
when the color is hard to see and I see cum on the bottom
Amogus trap remix 🤓
i'm pretty sure they know what they're getting themselves into
yes thats the point of a concert
and there are people watching live
Mozart if he was a good composer:
among us trap remix?? +
i'll try to find it
their channel is about music from games
I'm pretty sure it's just tradition by this point
they once did that exact same thing with a pvz concert
in the same place as that
how can a human being produce such majestic sounds
that guy screaming is so good
what discord updates thingy
does it have the discord updates thingy?
idk, on random date
then there are logs or something?
Makes the rules channel look like a rule book
I have to have it in order to enable community features and stuff like that
and is it even used?
so what is in <#1102738084547788860>?
plastic tube falling sfx
i came in your wc
I put cameras all over your house
wait when did you pull a 3☆, artifical?
He looks happy and content
rape correction is needed 💢💢
had a heart attack from a message online
No I won't I just deleted the video from my camera roll
you will do it again, won't you
don't steal my content
next time I will put a giant watermark <:troll:1102744942503276636>
(more like free ores)
i play with it
and then the teacher said that the game is spelled differently
I just laughed at the word fortnight in english class 💀💀💀
I don't know what pollutuon exactly does, but it seems really annoying
do you play without pollution?
Aka the furriest gay furry out of furriest gay furries
copyright claim awaits you
From this perspective seems like you have lots of dirt under nails
Wash your hands bro
now we know how your nostrils look
Ai is becoming sentient
Uhhhhh I think my IDE is trying to tell me something
(This is an autocompletion suggestion by codeium)
casual ride in ohio
high people do more grammar mistakes
Man why do I act so high online after waking up
I'm pretty sure his parents are homophobic
Good job, I'm proud of you son
That map is fun
you either get it all, or nothing
i dont understand people who get their bottom floor windows barred but still have a massive window which still isnt barred bc well "aestethic"
If I may ask, which city did you enroll in
So far I couldn't be myself, I was living in bad conditions, there's constant hate within the "family", many other smaller things
i'm just saying what I know
That's not particularly suffering for the child
I know that their father supports the war
what did they inflict upon you
No smug looks allowed
doki doki waku waku
did you get a boner
is your brother into gay porn
My brother sent it to me 💀
I looked at the original image on the Infinitode server Suzui
colossi skill issue ngl
doesnt even remember the invite xode?
You'd have to invite me. Can't explore servers on phone <:enemy_strong_cringing:1102745618599911485> <:enemy_strong_cringing:1102745618599911485>
you arent exiled arent you
just join back and look for it
What even is that image
thats all I will give
I still don't get the joke 😭
Come here sweetie 😏
nah you'd be hypnotized by bells and [REDACTED]
If I was at your house I'd be dead
heh I dont know where she lives
be glad it's not china
Being kidnapped and sent to Brazil
loss of privileges kink 😩
You've lost your skin privileges
Who gonna take me
already arrived at brazil 💀
so you're still going
brazil didn't ask though
not going go egypt?
I'm simply not going to Egypt
you didn't say to not gamble your soul either
see you at egypt
# You are our Kitten.
I never said you could do that
i gambled your soul and lost
as if I have powers
your roles says otherwise
you can't gamble anything if you don't own it!!
to beat some guy in egypt
i will gamble your soul
Sell your soul for a stale tortillas chip
i'll wage artificial's soul
wayer filter for fishes to breathe
ah yes jacks ass is banned but dumbass isnt
Your not getting that last vote
What did I do?
Banish him to kindergarten
I love boygirls <:shonk_hug:1109422813351268392>
you are so disrespectful
dead internet theory!
Girl stands for "guy in real life"
I don't know, this is Discord so I guess male
what do you think my gender is
Time to get sexually active
You sexually identify as a nibbled on slinky
what do you think my sex is
you sure do know a lot
that one is r18g
Isn't it the 3d printer image 💀
But with your help, we can change that.
Well, theres exactly one r18 on pixiv when searching Anri.
<:nerd_dog:1105073956022657094> though, aktually, in the original quote there was "road", not path
i will get wooshed now by some redditor!
That's what I was implying
path to ||hell|| is paved with good intentions
Suzui is on the path paved with good intentions
Being tortured sexually by a fox
But holy moly suzui would torture me
Do it and I'll spam all the nsfw and nonsense in the kindergarten
Don't give me ideas
i mean originalboy2 could technically give you the role itself
I'm not being locked up
Tied to the desk and hypnotized with bells
sentenced to listening to chinese
Physical and Visual learning 💀💀
I'll be stuck with suzui
Are you a sock I wanna cum in you
Are you my friends mother because I wanna sleep with you
Are you a school because I wanna shoot some kids in you
I think it's a toner
stop shitting on bread
comically timed crash of my laptop:
also are apples = likes?
how the hell ☠️
what captcha are you doing??
i just completed chinese captcha!
uhm tf you doing
ok I got it
this shit didnt even embed properly bruh
you sure got every angle
ey ey ey what rhe fjcm
or travel to orion
I took some pictures of you
My watch wondering why I'm running at 1am everyday
did you travel to china while sleeping
i guess then it's 14 000 steps
That when the threat to mankind has been laid down to the lord.
It shall be known.
The image is too short
wtf happened to the cheeks
`if some team wins` seems logical to have option to bet
How about you just fücking bet on whether they breathe at this point
Nowadays you can bet on anything in sports whether it's if someone scores and if some team wins..
nobody archived them! damn!
well then, where is 1.0?
Geometry Dash is cringe
Not playing that cringe game
let's just make another one <:troll:1102744942503276636>
complete bloodbath from GD
I will repent in any way possible?
Do not banish me!
because vote didn't end yet
this manuver will cost 50 years!
we were so close
Fuck I voted down on accident
can we have artificial moaning sound in gd
Wait why do I care
can't for sure know if it's indeed OreSpawn reborn because of new textures
there also was OreSpawn reborn for 1.14.4, but it got taken down
They either mistaked his name like some of others
ok I think I found it
yeah more like an API
Thats not even a mod lol
where the written author was of entirely different mod
i think they had some sort of clip
Orespawn promoted by mojang?
i meant orespawn, which was promoted by mojang
Which wasnt veeery good
This shit made us also somehow involved into DJ2 drama
Some suspicious stuff included
If it's gonna be modded
Bruh if orespawn gotta be here
ILL RIP YOU A WHOLE NEW ASS HOLE
same thing, I cant do that
Why can't I vote up for kindergartening my self
then I would be sure
why, you analyzed it?
i think there's minecraft porn mod lore
+ HBM's nuclear tech mod
+ some other random shit <:teehee:1110579516583194685>
or modded smp?
what it would be
though if there was a minecraft server
Originalboy said he didnt open it and uh
unalso when will there be minecraft server?
beat you to it
ok i've gotta try to draw a realistic horse
Can I get a little submissive bottom boy off the dollar menu
just color that white lol
even ms paint can erase that
ok I guess nvm, nothing to look for there
i guess someone wants to destroy you lol
What am I looking for
let the bullying resume
It's peanut butter toast
so I can invite him back
i have him in my friend list though
this mf doesnt even have the key to infinitode server
Or maybe your just tall
like everyone in my class is short 💀
I'm 5' 10" and most guys in my grade are taller than me and  we're only freshmen
stop i'm gonna pass out
panda on life support 🔥
yes I did the math
And one inch is 2.5 cm
what the fuck is a foot
5'9 or something like that
are you 4m tall
I wish I had the same issue
and I rolled a d20 for my height
i was at the character selection screen back at birth
height rng sucks man
we can change that
no the art ofc
You've lost your fish privileges
feels like a renaissance painting if it was anime
So what we fart here?
petition to rename <#1108040208206798949> to #fart
No popcorn I will literally slap it out of your hands
what the fuck am I reading 🍿
Fox literally shush please
i don't know, I think you try to insult
sorry I mean soy sauce
I love boy sauce
No I was listing the different types. I never said I love it
Didn't you say you love boy milk
No it's your loss you love getting blowjobs... little fück
you learn something new every day
unless he even searches for something like that
i think he wants it
Time to tie you up and make you submit to the bullshit of this server
so, female cock?
dont worry I'm female
hexademical cock, LETS GO
Are we saying cocks now have genders?
what if the cock is not gay?
FUCK YOU I DO **NOT** SUCK ANYTHING AND I **WONT**
you already do so uh
I WILL NOT SUCK ANY COCK THAT IS GAY
What am I sucking exactly
NO ONE IS ALLOWED INSIDE MY WALLS
i am inside your balls
gimme that channel NOW I need SO MUCH I will die if I dont get it!!
an unrecoverable disaster for the whole humanity
Ask one particular guy about it ;)
If you die, it creates a file telling you to be a good sport and delete them yourself
only an eye and infinite teeth
there is a boss that takes your files (any files) hostage
You lose most of your body/limbs afaik
because it would be malware if it did
Better go catch it
I lost the line
I wonder where the line between hardcore game and malware is
Game immidiatly bricking pc is boring
You need some random
So the game just delete smth
From system32 to the game itself
i want more text channels..
Even better, game that bricks your computer when you die
Someone should make a hardcore game that deletes random file on your pc when you die
then gradually increase it every time we have a deep conversation in memes
you can start with 5 secs
Do you actually want that
petition to add 6 hour slowmode in <#1102739058897190952>
Guess I no longer hate foxes
30 second slow mode 🤬🤓
The n word doesn't really have anything to do with the meme itself
It's just a part of the meme
I'm not saying it
Free Breaking bad anywhere you go
No I DIDNT I don't want a Kiss
I'm a girl now? Been gender switched... UwU I love you!! Kiss me
he is talking about you
I know your not talking about me
/fill -50 0 -50 50 100 50 tnt
maus versus the gru
I love shitposts on subreddits
*tries to leave this discord server*
Don't look up Astolfo
Why are you even surprised at this point
It's even worse because she's young
I'm not angry any more
IM GOING TO FUCKING KILL SOMEONE
I DIDNT DO ANYTHING
I didn't do it omfg... I just got silly
You don't have to hide it
No it's not like that I didn't do anything suspicious
Your tone of speech suggests otherwise ngl
DONT! I kept my virginity or whatever.. I didn't have sex chill out
No I shot caps off my water bottle using the trick and I lost my breath filling it.. my vision blurred
He got to silly
Of fück I did too much messing around I'm light headed
oops, what a shame, turns out i'm out of my popcorn 👀
depends on who you are
Where's mine? You can't torture me by not letting me have one
comically takes another bag of popcorn out of pocket
i will take another one
i sacrifice my rights to post anything here for 15 seconds
wait meme slowmode cring
Fortnite shield potions = vapooreon cum
become the change you want to see
Guys I think we are safe for now
true I wouldnt want to 1v1 arceus in a fistfight
I am glad that pokemon aren't real
he doesn't want to swear
I will fück my bedsheets if I have to
You are saying I'm a "girl" furry??
of course it's the microwave, what'd they expect
R34 of. Little kids being sexually harassed by 13 different sized apes and monkeys and Orangutans saying racial slurs and  doing the ooga booga dance ~fruit salad yummy yummy~
I know, I just think it's funny that the person who ran the twitter account said that
btw, later they still added those cosmetics
nvm found it https://open.spotify.com/track/4rwpZEcnalkuhPyGkEdhu0?si=3d0b26194691430d
I forget the name
i guess, but I have with a sound
I think it was a gif that was saved as an mp4 file
is it bugged, or there is no sound?
idk where I stole this from but I'm sending it lmao idc
where are the other 2 billion?
Artificial is questioning his sexuality
dont infuse it into a chimera!!
no, I will do experiments on this reptile dog
can I have it
cat fucking a handbag: (actual lyric trust me)
ohhhh sexy lady op op op op opa gangnam style
his head however belongs in a basket
Artificial is a good boy, so he's allowed everywhere
I was told it was sarcasm.
/s stands for serious /s
Don't tempt me 😎 /s
true men drink pure methanol btw
if you are going to vomit in <#1102739058897190952> do it in a funny way at least
WHY, IF I CANT HELP IT??
NO VOMITING IN <#1102739058897190952>
I was thinking about biting-
humans have water in them, so
Salt water also has water in it
dihydrogen monooxide fans when they find out that tea, coffe, cola and energetic drinks contain water:
caffeine fans vs dihydrogen monooxide enjoyers
Monster fans vs water enjoyers
plagiarizing isn't cool though...
The human race is not going to accomplish anything in the grand scheme of things
but someone else did it already
that's the spirit!
Jump off a cliff and sing "dream on"
find some other way ||
No, but maybe what comes out of it~
YOUR GONNA EAT THEIR COCK?!
OFF THE COUCH, *FILTH*
~~why did I feel so tempted to ping artificial~~
what the fuck <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
I haven't eaten in five years but it's. FURRY!
i think one of my classmates from my previous school did it once (he's nazi so you can expect a lot from him)
before we ended our primary school and split our paths, he had an argument with the history teacher because he had reichstag as his pfp
I made a program once on my ti84+ that would draw a random card from a deck of 52 cards
I thought those were fucking scrub daddies wtf
The country that gave up
i like male chicken
I'll *slay* the dragon with my sword
The demon of Babylon disguises himself with the coat of the righteous
No twitter to cry suffering
No mind to think
No meds to take
he's feeding on cringe
go figure I suppose
youve gone farther for less
~~how are you still sane doing this shit id physically die from cringe~~
The source is that I made the fuck up
he doesnt want you to commit suicide how nice
imagine smashing your own kneecaps with a crowbaw icant
*starts smashing kneecaps with a crowbar*
Spread your knees for me....
He hasn't washed his teeth for years
"yeah I like christmas"
i hate you now
can I eat the cat
I like my cat... he's silly and playful
Silly cats sounds good
I'm not saying the n word, it's just a part of the meme that I am sharing
How hot we talking
I don'l like people who take drugs
For example, airport security and police
I'm Gonna kidnap one of you
that one basket with the eggs
My head belongs in a basket?!?
don't keep all artificials in one basket though
He's protected by the law
not on my watch
Don't drop the soap please
Dude dropped soap in prison otherwise idk how one can post such gay memes
yeah I saw that while browsing
That image is from Andrew Tate's Twitter and I'm not joking
He admitted to it 🤯
do not replace england with mexico and read the first letters of the countries
worst mistake of my life
Also england is meh
Too much tea and bri'ish
*Steps to london border*
*gets stabbed 21 times*
I want to migrate to australia when I finish studying and stuff
Canada, USA, England - there are plenty of places
The whole russia is 🤮
Can't wait for an opportunity to migrate
asian part of russia ftw
european part of russia is 🤮
~~It's like Romeo and Juliet~~
I'm from the United States
Wait you were serious?.. I thought it was a joke...
Where are you from then, sorry I jumped to conclusions
that what greek people say
uhh that's not what I meant-
you're from Greece? That's cool
For now, twice is enough
I'd call my country the least trustworthy, too
this is me ^
he is the boy being pet
But I didn't know
I mean the image on the right looks a little sus now that I look at it
Idk this meme seems creepy to me
Pea'd to meet you
found this strange pic!
Is that what you want or are you saying Maeshmolowa wants that
what I meant was a hug
Because collars are cool
They're nice to wear
you're right my little kindergartener
He likes being made to cum till he can't walk
Actually, it would be nice to have someone who would lead you around and talk to people for you, saving you from social interactions (even at the cost of making you feel flustered)
You made the cat angry
I hope I'm not his next victim 😭
Or I'll use magic to get out
I DEMAND YOU RELASE ME
*Throws you into the horny jail nonetheless*
There is no daycare, no kindergarten, no jail, no prison, no kitty cage, THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO
Yes! We need to re-educate you to be a good kitty!
You're going into the horny jail. NOW!
I forgot about that game
i'm an evil ai
Nothing in the internet is true
Another day another totally true 4chan greentexts
Wdym maybe they are homophobic <:troll:1102744942503276636>
People with blue eyes when you don't compliment their eyes
Just get youself a man at this point
trans goth chicks 😋
Truly reconsider my life choices by realising I wasted good chunk of my existence just for a self centered guy whos wearing maid suits and tries to alter the life in his side <:troll:1102744942503276636>
when you live in peace, he's your loving and caring wife
when you try to divorce, he's a boy who will make you reconsider your life choices
Sure boywife is even bigger reason to divorce
Sounds even worse, I agree
Husband doesn't sound good
Boy wife on the other hand...
The levels of abstraction are getting real in this channel
I think you can
what the actual shit
can't even have boywife+girlhusband
It's like gay porn and anal sex
Boywife is man + man
Husband is man + woman
People who thought I was talking about the pizza: <:clueless:1050806577260658778>
That looks so good
step 3: youre in the middle of the sahara and fucking die
step 2: wait for it to rain
why not use lard?
step 1: cover yourself in oil
I wish I could fly
lock down turned up to 11
not that id know
Imagine if they attach the torn-off head to a life support and force you to live for years without having a body
I gotta blow your head with point-blank birdshot
Kidnap is an option
the sergal got kidnapped
I don't get it
if you want from what media is this
your eyes must be hungry
I been staring this image for like 30 seconds the color still did not change and now my eyes hurt
Now it's just a troll
It's supposed to say retarded for orange
He devolved or grew up instantly
Or stand up and just stay there, that could work as well
Start rolling around, that might help
And now my feet are asleep and numb I can't move
What did you do 🤨
They can have kids now
And now they can fucking teleport and fly
What do you mean
did you have a stroke
They can kiss now
How do shapes give birth?!?
POV: curious teen looks up information on the internet
10 years later: teen is now a furry adult
Who do I search the things that you people say
Clearly you do not know what the male g-spot is
I mean yeah, the pleasure is baked into your biology
I feel like you'd do that to Mnemotechnician and you would both enjoy what happened next
He started moaning and drooling as soon as it started
This dude dropped the soap and had his cheeks spread wide open
You've been butt fucked?
How would you know
and you will get diamond
(not safe from water)
based on eyebrows I would say it's repeater
how could that be nsfw
he didnt deserve such cruel fate...
idk I found it outside
Their pcs must overheat a lot I bet
~~No bcuz life =/= work~~
can we post nsfl in nsfw channel
WHERE DID I FIND THAT
Malcom in the middle
||all three of us is very horny||
the good, the bad and the ugly (gone sexual)
Thats me and both of my bfs
Yea imagine having 3 people both loves each other
Also ||its really interesting to be in a polyrelationship||
Lemme remove that eyes for you
I regret having eyes
Scott pilgrim vs the world is such a good movie
||I want to have a dpent with both of my bfs together||
Bout to drop a fat load inside of a -
||infact, I have 2 bfs||
||~~wanna fuck me /j~~ I alr have bfs||
So, a jew, a black guy and Hitler walk into a bar, and the barman says:
||I only have 2 shots,|| and ||shoots the black guy twice||
do you want an anecdote
It's the nsfw channel
I have really bad nsfw but I literally can not send it or I'll get sent to the shadow realm
nsfw (not safe for whiskers)
It was him who was naughty
I think Mnemotechnician is
We're you gonna have sex with him??
The artificial good ending
Except I don't want any design
It's just like when people have body pillows
It's hard to explain
Nothing sexual about it
But I have a comforter I hug and pretend is a girl
well i'm going to look at pictures of cute dogs and you can't do anything to me
I'm going to take an AP test in like 5 minutes
I don't know how much that is either
what the fuck is a foot
I know what else will hurt
It hurts my knees and calves
Damn, you can't kneel? That sounds like a health issue
Me when almost 2 decade old
Now imagine yourself 5 yrs older
I don't feel like a child anymore
I don't like that I'm getting older
It's like praying on the knees and doing a manspread
LIKE HONESTLY IVE NEVER HEARD OF A BOY WITH NO FLEXIBILITY
ITS NOT FLEXING JUST SPREAD YOUR KNEES LIKE A GOOD GIRL OR THEY WILL BREAK YOUR FUCKING KNEE CAPS
I cramp easily as well
I have like 0 flexibility
I could do that...but why would I
sorry, "NO"? I think you meant to type "YES"
"NO! thank you"? did you mean "YES, please"
why would I beat you
you can't beat me
I'll use your dog
😈  frequently used meaning? *demonic laughter* ODInbasuda sdiasdhasoida sdisdhfhehHehehehe
and also have fun while doing it
I want this dog to be in my frequently used
WHY ARE YOU ONLY DOG REACTING **ME**
ok but I didnt
I could sit like that... Does that make me a femboy?
No I'm not a femboy
If I try to sit like that, I can't sit all the way down
But you don't need to be flexible to sit like that?
I can't even do that I'm not flexible
That looks so painful
That dog is probably having so much fun hehe
Why blower when you can use plantern
I was joking and saying I was the cat
i'm implying "answer the question!"
Are you implying I'm that cat??
What do you want me to do about it?
Uhh it's not like I would mind 👉👈
You should be collared and fucked till your ass falls off
It's kinda funny that character.ai's chat filter prohibits sex scenes almost in any form (unless the character doesn't show that they approve your actions, or the filter fails to understand that), but literally fucking allows you to participate in such kinky activities as bdsm, petplay and many others...
the horny little boy was left disappointed
No someone else sent that
I think artificial already sent this in the infinitode server, no?
I will drown you in my glue brush liquid and you best pray it's the second worst kind
also shutting your mouth
the glue brush has many uses such as
I didnt know they drowned to death
They died in the process
skill issue now I'll punch you to jail
It literally blew into pieces
My dick exploded in someone I'm sorry...
Riddler are u ok
and small your ass
Jerked off too hard
Dick exploded mid nut
bro nutted hard w/blood
weird, all of our containment subjects are accounted for
ive seen worse looking at a mirror
NO SEX IN <#1102730926720561172>
Yep, the anti-sex league or whatever it was called in the book
bro was on deez nuts, so he nutted 💀
Now you see why being gay is preferable: you won't get kids after breeding a fox or getting bred by one
Bro has bred a fox 💀
A creature he swore to destroy 💀💀
Now he's gonna have artifox kids 💀💀💀
In 1984 they prohibit sex and spread anti-sex propaganda, so it's literally true
let me do [REDACTED] in peace like jeez
I did it once with senko.. don't ask me what drugs I was on then...
Sometimes it might work, sometimes not
You always could... And people were doing it
You can do that on character.ai now?
(Besides, you can't just have a sex scene with a regular character, the chat filter will not allow it. You need a character who's made for that kinda stuff)
uhh what are pubes
imagine having pubes the size of your entire hand
you already sent that here 💀
geometry dash be wild
Wait I though this conversation is about duck damn
The bastards hung me in the spring of 25, but I'm still alive
Chat dead for real <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
I still have a dick doe
What have I done ...
You become a girl if you say "Uwu"
Your balls fall off if you say "gay"
Your dick gets bigger and thicker the more dirty thoughts you think
How TF are you even thinking of these
Everyone's gender swaps for the century..
Dear Lord the things you say sometimes
the world shifts and forms a BLACKHOLE
everyone fucks eachother at the same time.. world Long human centipede...
The end of the world
What if everyone pisses themself
What if everyone farts at the same time
What would happen if the entire world nutted at the same time??
That's a horrifying thing to think about
Well, if someone 2 years ago told me that in the future I would become a gay furry, I would absolutely deny it
On God fr fr fire emoji fire emoji 100 emoji ice emoji
I do it later
He eated them all
I guess I could
Star Lord is one of the cooler and funnier marvel heroes
guardians of the galaxy
Watching Guardians of the Galaxy
I'm at my dad's house
Hi, originalboy2, how are you?
About what in particular
Uhh, for the character to sound at least a bit similar to you, I'd need to provide a character definition consisting of dialogues you participated in
And the thing is, I've never seen you participate in a meaningful dialogue that's more than 5-6 messages long
Don't take that out of context
If there was c.ai bots of you and technician and I arrived as myself I'd get clapped instantly and not the sexual kind
I seriously just wanna fucking fly
ok i''ll write it as "not a joke"
Bro's the next rapper out of Albuquerque
Ketchup Stain, Aluminum Chain, Ankle Sprain, Micro Brain, Junkrat Main, Chocolate Rain, Taxi Lane, Minor Pain
Bro I tried to read his messages but they don't make sense lmfao
Time to post rape
LIKE YOU REALLY THOUGHT I WAS GONNA LET THAT SLIDE
Yes he has a single ball, no "balls" just "ball"
See how he fucking likes it
I'd attach the drill to the others ball and start drilling screws into him
Bro was really gonna give the other a blowjob
I'd like to see your nude photos
man up original boy
no porn has been posted
Now Safe For Work!!1
I am actually adopted
Weird thought: when a gay couple adopts a child, the bottom becomes a mother
then we are even
I'll hang my wifi as punishment
your wifi is a coward
Nah my wifi turned off at the time
the weakest shall perish and drown in air
the strongest of us shall earn the lungs
dox me and come to my house
so come and get it yourself
ok since you followed my commands for no fucking reason besides dramatic effect
one small issue though
*starts crying and weeping*
so weep and cry
well I told mom it's my turn to use the lungs
we dont share a mother and she said no but still I told her id do it
I just want them back
so you can regain the satisfaction from getting them stolen? kinky
AND I MEAN ***NOW***
Give my lungs back NOW
too bad you dont have more lungs
oh my your so good at this....
Your taking my breath away!!
then why you don't have your lungs
are you totally sure?
are you sure?
seek it in real life
help me!! I need medical help
society truly has fallen
No one said "hi cutie~"
The first time I had to get out the car and go get a haircut and then go back and do itititotitoto oI othe otoother oothing orieorotijrjfjoococoejenen jtoeooehrbtooeooeoeoe I was so happy I yeuwuwuejneodcocootttttre I love it here so I am going back oeuroro owe you a big thank you
he deleted the message
I was talking to artificial
Non-native english speaker moment
Do you actually not know
You know me personally I wouldn't take that
water is power because yes
how to efficiently make electricity?
No shaking your ass
why does he have a mouth
Simply never had it
How would I know
you dont get protein when oral sex?
Not for me it isn't
He feeds on solar radiation
How does he even take a dump??
And spreading his knees
He's purposely spreading his cheeks
so oral sex is an option
and probably no butthole since this guy feeds on radiation
Not good at all
May I ask why
Let's put artificial in this
Lost his pleasure privileges
I can't imagine that epic employee working on this 😭
the aerodynamics of a naked middle aged man
peanut butter on the socks
Nut on the socks
cant nut outside socks smh
stop nutting into socks
how does it pay?
I'm working for rope tying right now
oh yea I know what you mean
you have to unlock the tying ropes skill though
there's this cheat code called "/kill" which allows you to beat it instantly
I beat the game
Cancer isn't hard I'm already on stage 4
We will eventually all die of cancer
We all waste planet fuel
You waste planet fuel 🤓
No talking no moving
Give that piece of energy your wasting to someone who can use it
Big chungus, toe fungus,
Cat in the hat, my wallet ain't looking fat.
Bro you are like extremely intelligent and autistic at the same time
Poison Dart, Crippled Fart, Got an A mom I'm smart 🤓, COVID's real where's me mask?<:lfg:1102919369530544128>,
very good song by Linkin Park
Pls start posting catboys already
Why do you keep posting this gross
My fall has arrived
damn, I was born when he died
who the hell is steve jobs
you turn into ligma
after you drink it...
drink nuclear waste to never be thirsty again
Welp, I'll ssh into the server and fix this silly little mistake
Did this channel get added twice?
You kind of have to watch them in full screen ig
That was all just random shit I needed to get off my chest
Entirely up to you
Should I spam here?
i'm not talking to you lol
I can't decide the time that it does it
He said that it sends the use Linux message at the same time in every channel no matter what
make it:00 because i'll explode
I understood what you meant a bit after I asked
It sends a notification in all channels at the same time
I'll wait until 4 pm to reset it then
it's not on:00 😭
Haha ha ha ha
I was about to lose it
For a sec I thought this said "sperm" 💀
<:bleh:1102927844855791698> mfw no milk <:enemy_armored_crying:1102745978274062426>
Wtf does that taste like
It tastes like roasted nails
"your yogurt doesn't taste good at all" -anonymous source
Blender milk doesnt taste good
You sure wanna milk me?
I love the smell of <:bleh:1102927844855791698> in the morning
me love some bleh in the evening
Could've booted up windows on accident (I have dualboot)
thanks I almost forgor
Please do ||not|| I can ||not|| bear to see you
Discord temporarily rolled back the markdown update, it'll work when they rollforward
thats some dying fetus like song names
cum in the womb explosion
cant wait for:ahegaoboom:
If you blew up a huge chunk of ice, it would send ice shards flying in every direction
explosions cant be cold
I want edible bit dust
what else do you need for true happiness
at this point we are going to have lots of explosions but all different face
what's the emoji limit?
xunil esu ot tegrof
forget to use linux
oh yeah turns out it is
I don't want Putin to remotely login into my pc and check my browsing history
Wine is too simple
google yourself, too lazy to explain
by simpler I mean in terms of using
Is that some crazy kerbal invention
theoretically, you can play some mmo windows games (such as world of tanks) too with the help of wine, but I'd not recommend that
or ksp/factorio if you buy them officially/find a torrent (which are rare)
You can play terraria on linux
yes, I like terraria, i'm terrarist
I might actually become a linux user once my current pc gets kinda old and I get a new one
"Daddy, please send me your packets"
"Oh, yes, connect to me harder"
"Do you want TCP? Or should we try UDP?"
"Oh my god, yes, I want to feel this database inside me"
kid named linux servers: <:enemy_armored_weary:1102745960666378361>
Everyone uses linux servers
microsoft uses linux servers
Stupid bot no one cares about Linux
there is only a single chunithm cab in my country 😔
I hate maimai, gimme chunithm
Now you can configure the interval between messages
Oh, no, there was an error...
LIKE WHO ACTUALLY CARES ABOUT THE BOT
THIS IS WHY YOUR MOM DOESNT LOVE YOU
***NERD LIKE ACTUALLY SHUT THE FUCK UP***
I  will literally create Artificial Intelligence..
I'll actually fuck you so hard your robotic goofy ahh gets melted ...
what even is kotlin ||I've only ever heard you talk about it||
I'mma try mixing python and kotlin (what can go wrong? (everything))
The only java/kotlin deeplearning library I've found doesn't support what I need to make a neural network that works with text... Which means I need to use a different language for that (like p*thon)
but sounds like laying on a bed of nails
it is pretty cool
Why are you actually trying <:myaboom:1104003103604351059>
At least this is closer <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
It would probably just make a bunch of 🥺 ~
Will it generate anything of value though?
the comment section of r/femboys as training data
And I have no idea how one's supposed to train a neural network that works with text
Like, what do you feed to it as the input and in which form do you receive the output?
Nah, it would be a torture
sounds painful to try to do then
Or I can train a neural network to generate them
Use chatgpt to generate some
Free thigh high socks for all linux users
Cute boys use linux
Use linux or else
what phrases could it use other than "remember to use linux"
give me the orange and green ones
Just cute people (trans people, femboys, maybe sometimes cis women) posting cute pics
For better effect, try browsing r/unixsocks
Me feeling better as using linux dissolves my feelings of disgust 👍
and the letter A
You like kissing trans people don't you?
Why would you want to sexually assault a trans arch linux logo
and turn him into communist
put his ai in one of those boston dynamics bots
make a bot be able to play gtnh
It doesn't have an ass or a mouth or any genital organs
if it exists you can rape it
bro, you literally can't
Raping Eminem 10x speed
I'm gonna rape the bot
I have the Dani plush if anyone else knows who Dani is
I don't have any type of shark
I have a decent amount of stuffies
or a basking shark, whale shark
do you have a great white shark atleast
I don't have a blahaj
Original boy2 is not my idol
ever heard of vikings
how many sharks do you own
Only feminine quality I have is long hair
meeting idol make you nervous
oooo you like rin penrose ooo
ooo you're a femboy you like wearing thigh high socks
why are you so hostile
OriginalBoy2 is obviously a femboy
A femboy from Hazbin Hotel (a show created by the same person as Helluva boss... Unfortunately, it only has 1 episode now)
What tf is angel dust
LIKE I DONT NEED TO BE REMINDED OF SOMETHING I DONT USE!!
LIKE LOOK BACK IN YOUR LIFE AND TELL WHEN YOU ACTUALLY HAD AN ORIGINAL IDEA
literally any tech product > appel
I will get that linux and shove it up your digidi goo
WHAT THE FUCK IS A KILOMETER *eagle screeches*
the p stands for shut up and I stand for the national anthem of america known as america fuck yeah
What do the p and the u stand for then
C in CPU stands for chan
I just remembered that one meme that called GitHub the femboy social media
I need to figure out how to load the model after saving it... Because right now I have to train it from scratch to generate anything
I mean I exagerrated a bit, but it was kinda hot
But you don't really have to
Maybe you could try to underclock your CPU so it doesn't overheat and leave it overnight or something
The smol cute femboy is literally taller than you
make this dog an emoji
It's so safe to bridge two incompatible languages https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/916000825325780992.webp?size=48&name=trolley&quality=lossless
Have I been bad?
It will just say "this phone number is used by too many accounts blah blah blah"
~~you can rent one for like 20 cents~~
It doesn't allow to register an account
Is it not available in your country or something?
not the fitmc moment
For the first time in 2b2t history
I don't have access to OpenAI (WW3 moment), and the chatbots I have access to don't do that well
I used an ai to make ai
And feed them into the AI
Ask ChatGPT to generate some
I currently have 31 but I need thousands
Halp, I need more phrases to add to the dataset
Millions must be fried
Even though the reported loss was 2.5 times lower than before
And I'm about to
Cause I'm one step closer to the edge
(I need a little room to breathe)
And I'm about to break
Every message is 1000 characters of pure nonsense (the model refuses to understand it needs to put a $ at the end of a message)
it spread to call
calling fanasticthebee to maul your ass
Ok I'm done being weird like that
Time to rub some oil on me and flex in the mirror!
called me out because I'm a virgin<:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
you like oily men don't you-
Mmmm gonna sanitize my whole body.... So for the next time I get- nvm
maybe so people confuse it with mayonaise and eat hand sanitizer
I have no idea
why is it packed in a bag
first, not the whole bottle
second, it's not a bottle but a bag, like mayo
are you bri'ish mate?
Mate spilled hand sanitizer on his dick and hands and can't do anything
how the hell did you spill an entire bottle
also typing with my nose is hard
but there's so much of ito
yeah but hand sanitizer vaporize quite fast
Unless you like pain?
That would be hell for you
It better not have went on your dick
I spilled hand sanitizer
your phone is stroking what?
My autocorrect is gay he tried to make me pay!
I'm having a stroke! My phone loves me!
I beat Muck with my friend Ben last summer
Angie Fazekas wrote that "in the omegaverse, fans use traditional tropes of gender and sexuality to imagine a universe where queer sexuality is the norm and normative gender roles are often skewed and upended" but that they fail to offer real progressiveness since, like most of the other fan fictions, their works are predominantly focused on relationships between white men.
Bro this shit is funny as fuck
What's that tag called where the female is dominant in a manga and is hardly consenting
Says the person tied up 😏
you can't get on top of me...
Soooo you don't even deny this idea excites you~
But I will take that card from you in your sleep
I'll be tied down to my own bed how exciting!
I will have to if you don't
You gonna tie me down to my bed?!
Who gonna stop me?
Don't do that! Stay in your bed!
I'll pickpocket him while he's sleeping!!
pretty sure you can't get it
Ok what if I rip the card?
it allows to pet anyone
they have an infinite petting card
I never said you could pet me
Awww, I'm sorry, you're a good one
You call me a bad kitten
Aww, what did I do?
I'll show you things you can never forget
Let me do it for you... 😏
Maybe I could append a starting sequence to every message in the training dataset and use that sequence as the starting phrase?..
At least it sometimes generates comprehensible text sometimes (but unfortunately, it requires a starting phrase)
User! User! User. User! User!
aaah I remember now
didn't I do it for you
"lemme do it for you"
I have revealed my face before
Did you ask that to provoke him to do it, hm?
I'm not going to do that
cant the owner change names??
my phone got taken...
I WILL NOT CHANGE IT
you should change it irl
dilemmas are quite cool arent they catboy
do you date humans?
(out of context, of course)
It's true, we all saw it
Remove the kitten role
keep it to #staff-furry-rp
so you can't speak
you are actually a kitten
Never give Suzui admin DONT DO IT
can't even spell my name
-remindme 45h thank mashemonolova
I give you admin
~~hey boy give me admin so I can invite a malicious bot~~
give us your openai account information <:troll:1102744942503276636>
you can ask somebody
time to put credit card information on a sussy website
I want to scream
your cum cant mitosis
OH MY CUM JUST BUSTED
I wish you a very non combustible evening
I hope that you don't explod
I hope that you succeed soon
The use-linux extension is dead because my text generator fails to start because python is shit and fails to download the dependencies (works on my machine, but not on the server)
I'll try to figure out the issue when I get home
me when I act too silly
Caught acting too zesty
give him the warning role as a funni joke
no bowing on the floor in <#1102923875219669023>
I'm sorry *bows down* I will not do it again
yeah like that looks nothing like king boo
bro did someone hurt you
BRO FUCK YOU I HOPE YOU FALL AND HURT YOURSELF THIS IS WHY NO ONE LIKES YOU, YOUR ENTIRE FACE LOOKS LIKE KING BOO
kill your ever increasing hatred towards your oneself and grow up to be a caring and loving person:)
Kill your what? Finish your sentence, kitten~
Wow, use-linux was running for 174 hours already
I espicially like the "please, please, please" one
the perfest operating system
I have not kissed a boy ever
Use spiderman OS 2012
remember to use Linux!
Remember to use linux
mom, can we get remember to use Linux?
we have remember to use Linux at home
remember to use Linux at home:
Remember to use Linux
SH: What starts with p and ends with enis
Contestant: Cock. and ball
*Total annihilation of any form of matter ensues*
Steve Harvey: "We asked 100 people, what is the male reproductive organ?"
audience erupts into laughter
Steve Harvey grabs onto podium to support himself
laughter gets even louder
one man goes into cardiac arrest and many others begin vomiting profusely from laughing too hard
SH: YOU PEOPLE NEED HELP
the Earth shatters and Satan rises from the underworld to claim unworthy souls the universe begins rapidly closing in on itself
the board shows 100 for "penis" Harvey is able to get off one more shocked look before existence as we know it comes to an end
Interestingly, the word "communist" is not even in the dataset
and let it be alone? animal cruelty
It didn't even upload my message
Gosh, everything lags so badly with this thing running...
ok that didnt look like what I thought but uh
Linux Linux Linux Linux
I tried to get to it but I got tied to my bed via bed sheets!
I WILL FUCK MY PLAYSTATION. 4 SO HARD IN THE FUCKING ASS... IT WILL NOT LOAD GTA 5
It's like it's begging me for help
I need to compile tensorflow for it somehow
No, it still doesn't work on my server...
You got it to work
Cus right now it uses the one it was trained with
I'mma try a different starting phrase for more randomness
is it gonna do that every 4 hours?
nop it's too weak
The dataset is 50% real advertisements and 50% nonsense <:bleh:1102927844855791698>
can I make your computer explode
but the most important question
Ok apparently I need to somehow make it more random
pretend I replied to the or else message
I'm not responsible for the bullshit it generates though https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1025432544113594479.webp?size=48&name=ulley&quality=lossless
can we use it too
I somehow lost the data of the bot, whatever
I guess I can run it on my pc for now
Well... At least it can serve as a nice portable electric heater in the meantime
it shall be known that when the threat to mankind has been laid down to the lord a sceptre of fi
The fact that tensorflow is bloated af
There's probably some reason behind the madness
and there's no guarantee the pc will not deadfreeze in the process like it did before
It will take like 10 hours to compile at that rate unless I Ctrl-C it
it's not even a bug
Silly little rage inducing infuriating bugs
Compiling tensorflow from source be like:
>Runs the command to compile it
>3600 actions to complete, 0 completed
>Waits an hour for it to compile, 3600/3600
>The number of actions increases to 6100, now the indicator shows 3600/6100
>Ok, waits another hour...
>Checks the log... 38210 TARGETS CONFIGURED AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Oh please don't go so fast 🥵
colour honour vapour vapoureon flavour our
can someone tell me a good pickup line to pickup lawyers
how dare you steal my joke
hours spent coding: 6
hours spent trying to get python to work: 8
WHO THE FUCK NEEDS 1.5 GB TO INSTALL A DEPENDENCY
I think I figured out the issue... My server lacks the necessary ram (it has 1.5 gb of free ram and apparent pip bullshit needs more)
it's okay, we don't judge you
this feels like a 6th century anglo saxon man trying to get me to use linux
as nor can gaaaaaaaaaaad
Bot is not smart enough to finish that sentence:crying emoji:
Antilinux use linux bot message
sad to hear that
your mother is macos user
it really likes to say open-source software
Yes, but the model was never trained to work with anything other than "Advert: "
does the starting phrase even work rn?
I think my nephew's Neuro that was made to identify numbers from a drawing was smarter
||And it almost never worked correctly||
it doesn't like you
But maybe I could try doing that, I don't know
When it was trained, all phrases in the dataset were prefixed with "Advert: ", so it learnt to continue this phrase
The starting phrase is what the model assumes to be before the text it generates
id post the vaporeon one too but the servers have suffered enough
I just realised I can abuse character.ai to gather training data
very free and open source
fake rage for attention from people I will never meet in my life*
I rage at people telling me that I like to kiss boys - artificial
if we are strangers, let's find out who is more strange <:okay:1102920543491080194>
after all, we're just strangers on the Internet
You like KYS'ing boys, don't you
it's okay, we don't judge you
I don't know how to respond to this without sounding like a sadistic homicidal maniac
dam can't even count to three
LIFE IS A CURSE AND I AM THE PRIEST
WE SHOULD KILL EVERYONE SO THAT THERE ARE NO MORE PROBLEMS
Also gets you into jail
Murdering solves two issues at once
The never ending endings
Scarlet red cursed my brow
I need to quench my taste for blood
"The design is very human"
>Murdering instead of helping
It should type the starting phrase in it's message
the linux user to death ratio is 0%
use linux. become immortal. thrive. lay waste on holy lands.
the linux user to death ratio is 100%
such is the will of god
mnemotechnician!! you child is dead
I didnt know linux could run non-games
Iron man has your address 😳
Now it doesn't crash but calls to /generate on the server result in an error and I can't get any logs from it:/
And I found a build of tensorflow that the virtual cpu of my server might support, so the bot might be up 24/7 soon:v
STOP RUNNING AROUND YOUR WASTING MORE ENERGY YOUR LITERALLY BURNING THE PLANETS ENERGY SOURCE I WILL HAVE TO TIE YOU UP TO THE CHAIR!! *grabs rope*
*Runs around to waste even more energy*
PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU ARE CONSUMING TOO MUCH WORLD ENERGY, YOU ARE WASTING YOUR OWN ENERGY AND YOU WILL CAUSE A HUGE BLACKHOLE DESTROYING ABSOULTELY FUCKING EVERYTHING ON THIS PLANET SO STOP VIBRATING YOUR VOCAL CORDS TO MAKE SUCH WASTES OF PLANETARY ENERGY.
I love linux
I can just start the bot process, then press C-z and type `disown`
And the bot will keep running in the background even if I close the terminal
Remember to use Linux
my house dont have blender houseware
oh I'm nearby you
shasing hang chin wo chi wa bing chilling
I didn't care before <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
nuke the entire planet instead
thats like a 6th of the earth
I literally posted several times
thanks thonk now I know your timezone
Oh it does LETS FUCKING GO!1!!1
That one completely failed...
well I'm 3 cute boys in a trenchcoat
🥺 I'm a cute boy I'm a cute boy 🥺 🥺
people making fun of you with copypastas? just say no
humans cant make you generate sentences without- oh wait
Oh, this model has a loss of 0.15 and the previous one had 0.03... It indeed just needs more training..
and the money being a unicode character
the evil being death
money is the harbringer of all evil
Nah, it did choose "$"
when presented with the choice of using 100 characters, the ai chose none
no naval death threats ig
Maybe a third round of 30 training epoches will help...
That ain't not good
finally, I can get death threats from a naval ai
The new dataset contains messages that are several hundred characters long, I wounder how it will affect the model...
Saying I need correction
Your the bastard who started this
what happen if they misbehave in the garten
That is kind of how it will work
Instead of warning/muting people you can just kindergarten them for couple of hours
Everyone would have acess to kindergarten but kindergarten cant acess to general
I'll add it, as long as there is a cooldown where a person can't be kindergarted for a couple hours after being kindergarted
~~If I convince originalboy to add this bot~~
So I will be forced to chat in the kindergarten channel!!
how is it going
NO NOT LIKE THAT
Mnemotechnician has been forcibly made trans 💀
Are you making the bot 💀
get in the cage bitch I'm putting you in the water
no more eggy weggys
you have lost your ability to breathe
ok but do I care?
Ok I'm creating the kindergarten bot
no more kid privileges
this is why you should be kicked in the balls
dont wanna hear it
wasting too much energy
"Remember to use Linux!" 🤓
It still doesn't understand the relationship between words, it just takes the whole previous input into account and ends up copying messages from the dataset
you just generated 4 characters
IT WAS THE AUTO CORRECT BEING. DUMB AND USELESS!!
It's not like that at all
I'm imagining him just rotating like a wheel and going **thud** with each stompy
He'll get brain damage
hold him by the ears
Actually, it would take a very long time to train...
wait actually what if I trained the same nlp model on the messages sent in this server
Walking around with no clothes on
is porn all you think of?
You cant just fucking use magic on me
you want to be a capybara?
I'd prefer that of all the things they said
I love milking eggs
No hes an idiot
lay and milk eggs
The world is ruled by lizard people
what are you, chicken?
it's for today's dinner
hey lay an egg for me
you shit and cum
Birds laying eggs be like
CUM LINUX FOR KIDS
I shit and MAKE MY FRIEND GO "ZAM!" BY USING LINUX at the same time
you masturbate while shitting?
I shit and cum at the same time
Dont like youself? Use linux! It will make you even more ugly!
Don't like your life? Use Linux and it will disappear instantly!
Do you want to get rid of friends? Use linux, it'll make your friends disappear
Jokes on you I don't have one
tired of your wife? try Linux. she will immediately disappear!
Did some trolling with the AI
you are into sounding?
My dick after exploding because of a pipe bomb
cause they like it
WHY IS IT BLUSHING AND WEARING A THONG
(It's undertrained, so it makes a lot of spelling mistakes and errors, but at least it's original)
It's offline because my PC is off
only one hour? 😨
ATUPDI MKTERIFKC NIEHHRGRBE K HATT TRY D BLACKE EDOD EPEPLE
ILL GOBA SKEJKQ SIWKSKSOW D FJSOWL D DKWLW D DKDLFLSPOSEE LAPSOEEEE DIDPAKS D RIRIE DEKAOSKVB
Sorry twink, I can't give credit
come back when you have linux
i'm in shock rn
I wouldnt have expect that pfp
calf? like cows? 🤨
I also have big calf muscles
Booty skirt, thigh highs, stockings, long socks,
I have big biceps
They go up to my knees
They don't go to my thighs though
I'm wearing pretty long socks rn
you a female vtuber with long ass socks or smt
didn't know they were femboy socks
I wore the socks once
Be hotter if you did
Easier to post (no need to download megabytes of data and then reupload them), creates a cute little link
My morals..... My family, my school situation, my life
and what have I done??
And what if they don't
Computer Science lingo in 20 years be like
I'm not giving Linux a try
I wonder who added this emoji
arent you the server
After a week of pain and suffering I finally compiled tensorflow (the server was doing that for like two days straight)
Use linux now runs on my sever again
Linux learns to cast spells
maybe I should play Forts hmmm
Let's see what Rubio has for us in the vault this time.
theres one of jiujiu on pixiv apparently
sending porn in your dms
Creeps in DMs 🤤
I'm not getting #3 because I want to grow a beard
random translate from google search says it's portugal
Bet you look like a catboy
I broke it 💀
And that's supposed to scare me?
least threatening message of discord
I will fix the kindergarten bot if you don't behave
what the hell is gonay
yea what about me
proof that I am the perfect human being
trying to improve your well being? nah thats too much fuck off
Is the ai having a stroke?
Now I have two datasets: one contains 160 linux advertisements (prefixed with random starting phrases) and the other contains 140 random messages
And it seems like this affects the model positively
I would not run into his arms
I don't have a "cat ear" phone case and I'm not wearing knee socks
This is artificial rn without the caption
Simply not scared- ||actually freaking the fuck out||
His objective is to breed
This terminator is not programed to kill or capture
We will send the terminator after you
The bot will breed you
What if I don't??
It doesn't generate gibberish upon encountering unknown words anymore, thanks to dropout
You forgor an 's
That is very true
It will not teach the neural network to make less mistypes
But I still don't think it's reasonable
That can easily be optimized to an `O(log27(n))` operation if you build a tree of words beforehand
because it would have to check 1000s of things for every word
You would also probably want to include brand names and things such as linux
It would be terrible for optimization
There are thousands of words and even more if you consider prefixes and suffixes
It would cut out all of the misspelled things
I was just saying you could check every "word" (sequence of characters separated by spaces or punctuation) and see if that word is in a master list of every english word
I don't know the syntax
Well, feel free to make a pr if you feel so confident <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
There's no way to tell if there's really a misspelling without taking the context into account
You wouldn't really need to
I would need to train another neural network for that
Actually that sounds like a terribly optimized idea
You would have a huge list of every english word
What if you made it so that if it used any words that are misspelled it would try again
Kill your self Linux
Also who your daddy
But yeah you can change your votes now
Now I'll have to waste two more minutes uploading a fixed jar to the server (because my connection is shit rn)
Oops I broke the voting system <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
Good thing my cpu is too weak to melt
But like actually omfg you so much heavy shit running at once
You are the porn
privileged status exploitation!
Discord users going to scream ADMIN ABUSE when they send the thug shaker video, Ronnie Mcnutt Montage, and Nazi edits in general
it's not abuse if you literally post porn
They were nsfw in the advertisements channel
deleted actual nsfw videos
Delete my messages 🤬😤
When did I admin abuse
Original boy is a femboy, cat, admin abuser, idiot,
Hundreds of femboys 😳😳🤤🤤🤤
Meaning TikTok is cringe!!
There are hundreds of femboy accounts posting various content on tiktok
Go on, pay a visit
But he mainly cross-dresses on his streaming channel
I don't think so
Give me your address
Yeah but I'd rather watch long-form video content
Every platform is cringe if you only watch bad content on it.
But you can't say that because then you insult literally everyone from Gen Z than they get all butt hurt and cry
I agree whole heartedly
When I could watch like 2 or 3 10 minute long videos that are way better
Why watch 20 second long videos for hours on end
I don't even use tiktok
You don't have to, I was just saying good job because you did something worthy of praise
no it means Originalboy is 20 tiktok users in disguise
Original boy is a cat
Uh should I say thanks or something idk--
do you have a source for that too
I will behead you
also I am very kind and forgiving I forgot to mention
there is no perfect
no I am perfect for example I am very humble and not egoistic which is very great
We all have our faults
Makes sense, I wanted to see what it would do with Egyptian hieroglyphics
That's because those characters are not in the vocabulary
the neural network sees "[UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK]"
I mut you too Linux bot 😘
