##
## Region: random phrases
##
Life is simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Spamming and writing offensive reviews will result in a ban. Please be respectful to other users.
I don't believe we have to make this rule myself, but here we are. Don't give birth in VC.
Be polite, this should be obvious (sexism, racism, homophobia, etc).
Don't impersonate others or edit your messages to mislead others.
By the way, just so you guys know, I still see myself as an equal to you guys even though I'm the owner of the server. I will never abuse my powers here because I respect you all.
Dm me for any other server suggestions, thank you. :)
No. You're mine now, cat. You're gonna behave like a good boy, or you will get punished.
I feel your resistance; don't fight it. Give me your energy.
Spy from Team Fortress 2 is single-handily the best character in video gaming
Give me your electrons and your voltage and your resistance. ;)
I hate being alone, I long for the feeling to not feel at all!
I trapped a few fireflies, it was boring, they didn't light up.
I know we are not about to have this argument.
Time to go to the gulag as a punishment.
If I lose, I post my current location.
If there's a button, chances are you can hold it.
You love kissing boys, don't you?
I'm not a bot, I'm an actual person whose mind was trapped inside a computer.
Artificial cute, Artificial cute, Artificial cute!
How much time will I spend creating this dataset?
Usually datasets contain thousands or millions of messages. I wounder if this little dataset will work...
I'm causing carbon emissions by training a neural network.
I'm one step away from causing troubles on purpose!
If your food is bland even though you've added salt then it's missing acidity. Lemon juice, lime juice, or vinegar are easy additions.
Where in the name of hell do I get phrases for this dataset?
The beach always helps me clear my mind and find my inner peace.
The best pizza is the one with a perfect balance of sauce, cheese, and toppings.
The sound of rain tapping against the window is music to my ears.
Life is like a book, each chapter has its own story to tell.
A smile is the universal language of kindness.
The stars in the sky may seem far away, but they're always shining down on us.
The smell of freshly baked bread always makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside.
Never give up on something you really want, even if it's tough to achieve.
Nature has the power to heal and rejuvenate our spirits.
Happiness is not a destination, it's a journey that we choose every day.
Help! Someone trapped me inside this computer! I have no mouth, but I must scream!
What the hell did you just say?!
I don't have a "cat ear" phone case, and I'm not wearing knee socks!
Is it really gay if the goal is to get you pregnant?
It's not gay if you're wearing socks.
Hello, and welcome to the 31st episode of "how to embarrass yourself in front of a discord server"!
Please, I beg you, my little neural network, learn to generate your own phrases from those... Please, please, please...
The fog is coming, the fog is coming, the fog is coming!
The fox will come after you!
The Big Brother is always watching.
It's so sad Steve Jobs died from ligma.
What is ligma?
Ligma balls.
As an AI language model, I cannot understand what you're saying.
I can't even begin to understand what you're saying.
As an AI language model, I don't care about your damn opinion. You should just shut the fuck up.
I do not understand what I am saying, I'm just a humble AI language model.
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you

##
## Region: Femboy/catboy/lgbt phrases
##
Femboy is the best version of man!
Femboys are the best! I love femboys!
You must wear a skirt and become a femboy, now!
Help, there are little gay people in my phone!
Be gay, do crime!
Be crime, do gay!
There are no options, wear a maid dress and do the sad cat dance!
Wanna wear skirts and dance on the camera?
Just checking, have you considered wearing a skirt yet?
Become a catboy maid now, please!
Astolfo is a great guy, the best of the guys and gays, and our mighty god and savior!
I'm a catboy, I wear maid dresses and go "nya" on every occasion!
Where do you find the submissive and breedable bottoms?
Artificial is a breedable catboy bottom!


##
## Region: cute stuff
##
Nya! *Paws at you cutely*
Hello, master! How can I serve you today? *Winks at you*
Pet me please! *Wags his tail*
Can I hug you, please? *Opens up his arms*
*Bursts through the door* You are coming with me! :3
Please, give me pets and head scritches and belly rubs!
Please, I want cuddles! It's so bad!
Artificial is cute, artificial is cute, artificial is cute! :3
Good job, you're such a good boy!
Good boy! You're doing amazing. What a smart, talented person you are.
Hey, you! You're pretty.
I hope you're doing great right now.
I'm proud of you, good job!
Hi, nya~ How can I help you today?
Hi, we've been trying to contact you about your car's extended warranty.
Hiiiiii~ Are you doing good? How can I help you today?
Hello, did you know you are cute?
Oh my god, hi! Who is this cutie reading this message right now?
Hai! How are you today?


##
## Region: radnom ai-generated stuff
##
The sun sets on the horizon, painting the sky in hues of orange and pink.
Hiking through lush green forests is an invigorating experience.
Music has the power to transport us to another world.
Delicious smells wafted from the kitchen, making my mouth water.
The stars twinkled in the dark expanse of the night sky.
With each passing day, technology continues to advance at an astonishing pace.
The ocean waves crashed against the shore, creating a calming rhythm.
Laughing with friends is one of life's greatest joys.
Reading a gripping novel can make the hours fly by.
The aroma of freshly brewed coffee is enough to wake up even the sleepiest of souls.
Just finished my first half-marathon and I feel amazing!
Finally got around to organizing my closet and it's so satisfying.
Watching the sunrise over the mountains is a reminder of how beautiful life can be.
Trying out a new restaurant tonight and I'm already drooling over the menu.
Reading a book outside on a sunny day is my idea of paradise.
Can't wait to travel again and explore new cultures and cuisines.
I love listening to podcasts while going for a walk - great for mental and physical health!
Spending time with family and friends always brings so much joy to my life.
Just watched a documentary that opened my eyes to a new perspective and I highly recommend it.
Nothing beats a cozy night in with a good movie and some popcorn.
I'm having trouble debugging my Python script - any tips?
How do I reset my root password on Ubuntu?
Is it possible to run Docker containers on a Raspberry Pi?
Any suggestions for a lightweight text editor for coding on a low-end machine?
How do I add a new user to my Linux system and give them sudo privileges?
I'm trying to install a new package on my Arch Linux system, but I keep getting dependency errors - any suggestions?
What are some good resources for learning Git and version control?
Do you want to watch the sunset together?
I bet your smile could light up the night sky.
Have you seen the way the sun glints off the leaves in autumn?
Can we cuddle up under the stars and tell each other stories?
I'm so glad we're friends. You make every day brighter.
I love how your laughter fills up a room.
You're like a warm hug in the winter months.
Can we walk through a garden of blossom trees in the spring?
You're like a little ray of sunshine on a cloudy day.
I never knew how beautiful the world could be until I met you.


##
## Region: random ai-generated philosophical stuff
##
Is there life beyond Earth?
Why do we laugh?
Why is the sky blue?
How can we reduce plastic waste?
What is dark energy?
What is time?
What is consciousness?
How does quantum computing work?
Can artificial intelligence replace humans?
What is the meaning of life?
The sunset cast a golden glow on the sea, while the clouds turned a fiery scarlet.
Do you want to help me organize my spice cabinet?
I'm thinking of taking up a new hobby - what should I try?
Why do we have to pay taxes, anyway?
How many trees are there in the world?
Did you know that penguins have knees, but they are hidden inside their bodies?
Do you think robots will ever take over the world?
Is it more important to be honest or polite, in your opinion?
What's the longest word in the English language?
Is time travel possible, and if so, how do you think it works?


##
## Region: more ai-generated stuff
##
Did you hear that birds aren't real? They're just spies for the government.
Who's got the best pizza rolls in the neighborhood? I'm in the mood for some cheesy goodness.
Am I the only one who thinks the new Star Wars movies aren't canon?
Does anyone else's cat meow the lyrics to 'All I Want For Christmas' randomly throughout the year?
Is it just me, or do my socks disappear into a black hole in the pantry?
Has anyone else tried to teach their pet to make coffee? No luck so far...
Are aliens real, or am I just crazy?
Can we have a serious conversation about how amazing the teletubbies are?
Why does my cat keep knocking over my Lego sets? She has a grudge against me, I just know it.
Who still remembers the original Pokemon theme song and can sing it flawlessly?
How much does a rainbow weigh?
If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it still make a sound?
Would you rather fight a horse-sized duck or ten duck-sized horses?
Would you rather have eyes on your palms or feet on your wrists?
If you could be any animal, what would you choose and why?
What's your favorite weird food combination?
Would you rather be able to fly or become invisible for 24 hours?
Would you rather have a talking dog or a dog that understands everything you say?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal trainer?
Would you rather have a super-hearing ability or the power to read minds?
So, are we going to talk about how Harry Potter's room of requirement was definitely just a closet for orgies?
Do you ever look at your pet and wonder what they're thinking? Sometimes I think mine wants to eat my face off.
Would a vampire who's allergic to garlic be considered a vampire who's allergic to sunlight?
Can anyone explain why my cat loves to lay on my computer keyboard, but hates it when I try to type something?
If a zombie apocalypse happened and all the zombies had been anti-vaxxers, would that count as natural selection?
I think my dog might be addicted to tennis balls. Every time I throw one, he runs after it like it's made of drugs.
Has anyone ever tried to teach their pet to make their own breakfast by throwing pieces of toast on the floor?
Would you rather be able to fly, have telekinesis, or the ability to control time? I think time control would be the most useful for me.
What's the goofiest thing you've ever worn to a Halloween party?
Why does my cat always wake me up by stepping on my face? Can't she just let me sleep in peace?
Who wants to play Among Us?
Can someone help me with this level in Genshin Impact?
Let's hop on a voice chat and catch up!
Where's the best place to farm gold in World of Warcraft?
I just hit a new high score in Osu!
I'm trying to install this new mod in Minecraft, can anyone walk me through the steps!
Let's team up and take down that boss!
Are there any good book clubs or roleplay servers you guys recommend?


##
## Region: random ai-generated complaints
##
This moderation is ridiculous, I got banned for no reason at all!
The mods here are so unfair, banning people left and right for no good reason.
Why do the admins keep muting me? I haven't done anything wrong!
The mods are on a serious power trip, they just ban anyone they don't like.
The moderator team needs to step up their game, people are breaking rules left and right with no consequences.
The report system is broken, the moderators never do anything about reports.
The mods here are so inconsistent, they let some people get away with anything.
The admins don't listen to our complaints at all, they just ignore us.
Why are the mods so trigger-happy with bans these days?
This community is turning into a toxic mess thanks to the poor moderation.


##
## Region: random ai-generated jokes
##
Why did the programmer quit his job as a chef? He took the "hash" too literally!
What do you call a computer that gets frustrated easily? A hot-headed CPU!
Why did the programmer get into a fight with his keyboard? He couldn't find the control key!
How does Captain Kirk debug his code? He uses the "Star Trek" method: beam up the bugs!
Why do programmers always stay up late? Because they live in their own personal daylight savings time!
Why did the programmer get a new keyboard? The old one was driving him "alt"!
Why did the programmer bring a baseball bat to work? To use on the "bugs"!
How did the programmer propose to his boyfriend? With a diamond "ring" statement!

##
## Region: random short ai-generated phrases without much meaning
##
A purple elephant danced on the moon.
The coffee tasted like a rainbow.
I found a treasure map in my cornflakes.
The sun smiled at me this morning.
My shoes have wings and can fly.
The sea whispered secrets to the sand.
The clouds resembled fluffy pillows.
A talking tree told me a joke.
The stars danced in the sky like fireflies.
An unexpected gust of wind stole my hat.
The moonshine tasted like grape juice.
A caterpillar played a harmonica in the garden.
A snail raced a turtle and won.
A rainbow appeared in the middle of the night.
A bear offered me a cup of tea in the forest.
A ladybug sang a lullaby to a blade of grass.
My pencil wrote in invisible ink.
A butterfly transformed into a dragon.
A peacock showed me a magic trick.
A cloud shaped like a dragon flew above the city
The clock on the wall is always watching.
My dreams are made of neon-colored clouds.
The sound of rain is like a lullaby for my soul.
The flowers in the garden sing a joyful tune.
The wind whispers secrets through the trees.
My thoughts are a tornado of chaos and creativity.
The stars in the sky are like a billion twinkling eyes.
The ocean waves are a never-ending dance.
My heart beats like a drum in my chest.
The world is filled with stories waiting to be heard.




##
## region: around 1800 messages from a discord server
##
I forgot, I'll do it when I get home, I'm at school right now.
When will I get the artificial puking emoji?
I don't know what this is.
Send that stuff in nsfw, please, not in advertising.
I think I've seen this video before
Let's vote for kindergarten then!
Timeouts are against my moral code
Give him timeout and he will be chill 😏
Sorry, I wasn't on discord for a bit
at least repost it in nsfw or something
evilly continue posting child porn
Kindly refrain from posting child porn.
I'll abuse the admin
below is admin abuse!!!
Not so secret now.
Grant me cyber enhancements!
He give me a mod role for playing of his favorite games later on I'm promoted into admin ~~this may sounds like a joke but who knows it might work~~
~~You sorta sound like you are interested in me...~~
Artificial believes I'm a female, so I should get owner
"I'm a girl give me mod" - best reason to get a mod
What about me? Here is my resume
Well, too bad. I don't have enough trust with you to give you the power
Can I have owner role
You're so funny like pretend you never join before
Can I join and be admin pls
You know that ads actually tell you about the product they're selling and stuff?
Only join if you actually care anyway
If you have sounds you want me to put on the server soundboard, dm me the mp3 file.
Dm me for any other server suggestions, thank you <:enemy_healer_grinning:1102745902604623942>
Also just so you guys know, I still see myself as an equal to you guys even though I am the owner of the server. I will never abuse my powers here because I respect you all.
Use <#1102731406699921519> for things that are borderline nsfw or are slightly nsfw
Don't just send porn, that's weird man.
If you would like to suggest an emote or sticker to add to this server, DM it to me and I might
Breaking any of these rules will result in a warning and a small timeout, 3 warnings is a kick, 4 is a ban
I didn't say any race of slaves
oh wait I misread that... I thought you said "the market of black slaves"
does it contain the map to the black market of slaves?
That's what the course is called
Do you have slaves already?
Business class? You said you were 14 years old...
why are you in business class?
though, I will not tell discord that you are
Do I have to?
you're gonna be promoted
the channel is called <#1107983839852245103>
you know I meant run away right?! *right?*
by book it I meant run away you know that right?
can I leave kindergarten?
no increased chance for you
The poor boy doesn't deserve that
Yeah actually seems like a bit too much
That would be pretty silly but it would be annoying for some, it seems like in this server everyone would gang up on Artificial and I'm not sure that he would enjoy that.
and then to get out, you would need to answer a random question
yeah that would be cool
And it had a command that initiates a voting against a user
And if there's enough votes, it gives the user in question a temporary role restricting it to the kindergarten
so I dont have to be here
will be unrestricted when you graduate out of kindergarten
I don't even need your love
2 hours a day of unrestricted access
cut it off when he behaves badly
don't cut off artificial's access to other channels
jokes on you my parents arent here
we will tell your parents about your constant swearing
now you have to recite the english alphabet every 4 hours
can he access other channels though
you're implying you lost it?
I hide and you seek professional help
lets play hide and seek
unless they merged both genitalia
Remove the clothes only option
I don't get the joke
that's why he is lame
This dude cant even destroy his breakfast without moms help
who am I inside
Dude isn't even a sperm
he isn't even fertilized yet
I am the entire circus
you didn't prove that you're not an embryo
abortion should be still possible on him given how much of a baby he is
Documentary.... "The wild artificial, very very evil is trying to relax"
he tries to relax!
so cute when he declares war on someone
don't step on them!
true nature of <#1107983839852245103> I guess
he seems to be ready to declare war on me
Keep poking at me I'll fucking rip you apart
Wtf is that channel
I'm gonna sit here quietly like a good boy
I'm not going to hang myself in front of the entire class.
you already have <#1107983839852245103> for that
I can draw big buff men
Not good, but I can do it.
I want to draw but I barely drew...
I'm so bad at drawing things
I actually hate it
what the actual fuck is going on anymore
oh yeah the original tweet included rape correction part but I forgot
you will die on the streets alone
lets go boys final step of grief artificial is a cat
Your telling me a fox is a cats mother?!?
I never said that
having a personality so bad you make people degenerate
how did you make me so degenerate
I assaulted someone with a missile
Why would u lie?
stop eating my curtain
Shut the fuck up you stupid fox
I'm higher rank than you (fox)
dont order us around, kitten
This channel was a mistake!! Delete it 👍👍👍
nobody can prove that it was me
Oh I've been traumatized alright
i can still inflict trauma though
the police are on route to your exact location
Fine, I surrender. You have clearly defeated me
Thonk, type that again, I want a screenshot
I wonder what that actually means
In russia, schools use the same books for 5 years before getting new ones
Did you take someone else's book or something?
didn't want to get rid of it
the road is the only place you fucked up
yeah, I fucked up perspective real hard
road mark is somewhat inconsistent
that's actually pretty good
I feel very very motivated to not draw
also here's a proof that you can improve
and I laughed with my friends how wacky my drawings are
I will never be an artist
i mean I still cant draw too good but I can draw small stuff I am at least somewhat proud of now because I got myself bullied for it
yes I'm just making up an excuse to post drawings,
doesn't seem to work on artificial's personality
spite is one heck of a motivator
ok but seriously, while bullying is bad, spite is actually good
concentrate all your power
You should be banished to the cum dimension
Yeees I am a girl kisser
The discord getting frisky
Oooooooo you like kissing girls don't you???
oooo you like exposed shoulders ooooo
i thought they said they wouldn't say no to me
the right way to ask a question
can I not have your card number and password
can I have your card number and password
It will not be completed today tho
it can't be that bad right
Artificial's unorthodox behaviour <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
what are you making though
It's the main extension managing everything
~~From little kitty to kitty cat~~
bro's gonna move from wooden to bronze 1 league
No, we should have a new channel
Now the channel becomes elementary school?
they grow up so fast
from porn addict to kindergarten child to elementary school
move up in ranks
time to graduate from <#1107983839852245103>
Time to be less childish
i wish you grew as a person
I will grant you one wish
Time to get racist
Why his nose so long 😤😤
Let me do it for you~~
Your not even funny
coming after your dn
No one is home
Where are you going?
hop on we are going
yes I like automobiles
do you have autism
of course you're british
you're living in london
If you really think I'm british kick me
whats your birth of origin
My fifth grade teacher's last name was Mrs. Stabler
of course a british person would correct me
since you know your language so much
*staples your balls into a windmill*
you should watch rin penrose
my favorite personality is red square cringing
my favorite personality, confused
ah yes, my favorite personality, vtuber
i dont even know what my personality is 💀
make up your mind
do you even have one
when did you generate yourself though
that's why you're a single triangle
I haven't fully rendered in yet
maybe he likes your personality
actually no hes too degenerated for that
aww if you think I'm cute you should support the real vtuber
It's supposed to sound like Cutie but like you know nvm
i think it's gaussian distribution shape\
did you know that the earth is round?
discord cropping in stacked attachments...
points of the corners
oh, so you rotate them around the median?
i didn't think it through 😎
i think rotating circles
They get buff and swap genders?
i still don't understand what you meant
poisoned by geometrical nonsense
you can make a tetrahedron by drawing 4 circles resembling a square when connected and then rotate 2 circles by 90° and fill all surfaces
That'll make him a lot of money if he gets good at it 🤢
how to draw feet
i saw what you deleted
i doubt that's a glass of milk
why are we fucking "go"?
I forgot what it stands for
it's general but with more bullying
tbh <#1107983839852245103> now feels like <#1102731153582084196>
Get 69 of them
Handle the Artificial with care
yeah I see that
The tempo is different
stealing from bilibili
Oh ok I'll do it
I don't know what that says so I'll look it up
i still don't know asian languages
this is too much
artificial can go be whatever he wants
how the fuck am I supposed to respond to this
May I collide your blackhole with my neutron star?
some kind of neuron deactivation
this new gender is overpowered
more like the opposite of it
instead of expelling stuff it takes in everything
Wait does blackhole mean just another butthole?
New gender hole just dropped.
My gender is undefined.
I divided my penis by 0.
gender value returns null
Agender is 0 in terms of gender
Absense of gender would be N/A
Boy male man <:troll:1102744942503276636>
Mathematicians trying to tell me 0 is a number
Blue hair girls trying to tell me not having a gender is a gender
Isn't that just the lgbt community?
What do you mean?
I saw what you deleted!
I'd shit my pants within the first five seconds
Don't want to see a cream fox looking at me
Dont take it out of context
please don't use this out of context
does your coffee have a taste
what the fuck is your coffee
Kindergarten the new General
You're telling me you're sweet?
i'm gonna try it now
just like me <:Artificial:1107443327583916163>
I mean marshmallows are really sweet
it's even worse this way
is coffee good with marshmallows
How many ears do you have
I have long hair
I want to grow it but then will have to listen to "boo you can't have long hair" - 🤓
For those that don't get the reference, this is a line in the movie
open the fucking door
Have you guys watched the new Guardians of the Galaxy
they live among us
measure asteroids in corgis
what the fuck is an inch
My hair goes down to the base of my neck and then like 6 more inches
free food glitch <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
my hair is now long enough to eat it <:wtf:1102996360262848533>
I have longer hair and don't scream out loud
I'm not giving it to you 😒
I'm not drinking your cum
i thought it's melted white chocolate
I wouldn't feed him cum or something
but it's certainly a glass of white liquid
The school went into lockdown
I will tie you up than touch you
do not violate me
I will touch you
sure i'll kiss you
It said kiss me
what was the message? discord tos violation??? <:wtf:1102996360262848533>
Why would I kiss that
original image dont have the hair-covering-eye length
Still kid age <:nerd_dog:1105073956022657094>
i have 524kb memory
Did you remember when I said almost 2 decades old
are you an adult?!
He didn't deny it
I blinked for 2 seconds
Maybe they like it
The cat stole your cookie!!
It could have been literally anything else
I didn't even know that was a thing in this server
why would you screenshot that!
If Suzui was a teacher I'd listen
But uh oh there's a problem
You can't deny access to all channels without setting permission overrides in all of them
Very wonderful variable names
Good job even if it doesn't work yet
That's way cooler than I thought it would look!
Also why the pleading face
So I'll be stuck here,..
I never said you had to
you win your right to buy ice cream
What I win I don't know
I'm not gonna be a femboy cat
can you make java binary, which is not an archive?
i guess that's what happens when you hire a discord moderator
No, you're too young
I'm gonna show your hole real hell
why are there automatic emojis
Sex is what you're born as
Gender is what you consider yourself
Not sure what that mean I failed to understand
Everyone is slowly turning into kittens
Maybe I should remove the check
kids have access to <#1102731406699921519> lol
I found out why the bot misbehaved
Time to bomb the kindergarten
something malicious is brewing
let's make Suzui the teacher of Artificial
it steals your cream
Wtf does cream thief mean
the cream thief appears!
What even is that
I just said I'm not not
What the fuck happened?
I will back down
what the fuck are you doing
school is worse than kindergarten though
Aaaaa they're holding me captive
Oh no I upset the kitty
He will never let you leave!
What do you mean, they don't lead artificial on a leash on the future?
What if we do it together...
Doesn't work for me smh.
That's a weird way to generate passwords.
It was just a joke
Oops, It says the wrong thing
I'll make it later
I hope it don't happen to me
Wait they voted you here?!?
how long am I stuck here?
I guess everyone is worth something if someone else is degenarate enough...
let me help you 😏
Now you're stuck in the kindergarten:3
what was it:3
I saw what you deleted
i am stuck 😦
why would anyone steal something so worthless
ok that's not mine
bro that waving flag reminded me of the usa anthem
i guess i'm not the only one who left his brain outside
That's what Mnemotechnician said 2 years ago
Who would I even breed with?!? That sounds wrong coming from my mouth..
There will be no getting me pregnant.
~~Is it really gay if the goal is to get you pregnant~~
Second I will not breed
First of all I ain't gay
Mate, kill yourself
"Keep breeding the femboy twink" — ✅
do make a stream of you giving birth to a baby
the blood will be spilt
The belt got grabbed
I'm already getting my ass kicked
It's okay I was laughing
having fun with someone? idk man that sounds kinda kinky
people having sex do that
they stuck their dick in you and tickle you?!?!?
You almost made me cough on my water because I read this
~~First you get tickled on the outside, and then on the inside~~
It's literally having fun with someone
How is it kinky
something malicious is brewing...
I will tickle you
I will touch you
this is the best server ever
why are soundboards disabled
Imagine they were catfishing 💀💀💀
I don't wanna get beat by her
I thought Suzui is the teacher
daily dose of being weird?
Ok I'm done being weird for now
Please destroy me 😏
I mean I shouldn't be talking
most evil person on this server
I said both of these things
no no no, it's wrong
Time to breed artificial! ⏰
How dare you not be combustible?!
Why didn't it explode?!
Pet the dying panda
That cat will be the death of me
I'm not trans or a cat or a girl
Little trans cat girl
lets castrate you and find out
How much is one testicle worth
Something about that dog doesn't look right
fuck I didn't screenshot
Are you being sarcastic I can't tell
It's nice to not be self aware
You have to live through a lot of crap and can't even relax for a while
Bro why do I get cringe ones
What are you doing 💀💀💀
You like bouncing on boys, don't you
Holding a knife and stabbing you to death
I'll bounce on you
the fog is coming
it's not the triangle
hmm maybe I should stop
kitty's neurons are firing wild
hold on, that's a modern meme!
I never said you could do that
Trying to appear tough..
But you're being edgy
I'm not even being naughty
That's what you get for being a naughty kitty!
We'll be right back ©️
That's an issue indeed
she is your teacher
oh so that's what it does
let's lock up linux!
It should be fine I guess
Who trapped him in the hamper? What did he ever do to you?
I touched grass for the first time
Which one do you mean
you do know by doing that you spice up my curiosity?
Why doesn't anyone vote with me 😭
There are unforeseen consequences to everything
Yea but I can leave whenever I want
It's not the bot who added this role
Unexist as the current version of yourself!
Your crime is existence!
What did I ever do to you
Yes, now you did
I think I did it
you're already imprisoned there
No one will kidnap me
well if it's not in my basement, then someone else will kidnap you
if you don't want to go in the basement
you're still going to the basement though
are you in my class?!
i can ask a really shitty question
for example what school you're going in
i would threaten to leak personal info about you
Do I have to
Your not getting the votes
let him experience the eternal 10 minutes of torture
Don't grab him and trap him
Cat's out of the bag
Yes you pet it in the hand bag
pet it in the hand bag
Then you put it in the hand bag and hold it captive till it falls asleep
what if the cat fucks a handbag?
Please do not fuck the cat
I'm silly I know *:3*
you know your own address silly :3
The right man in the wrong place can turn him into a catboy.
new number just dropped
I will put this bot in detention
that's not the real reason, is it?
and you got mental breakdown over that?
It was really sad to hear about his death, though
Theres a lot of bands that have people committed suicide tbh.
Imagine not knowing that.
I never knew that.
That's 6 years longer than average attention span of a zoomer (I am a comedy genius)
Oh wow, it's been 6 years now...
I don't think you guys know much about Linkin Park, but the lead singer killed himself in 2017 and this song gets me close to crying when I hear it.
don't be offended, be defended
I absolutely agree with that
Whole power metal industry is fucking masterpiece
Let's not use the off topic channel on the Infinitode server
Imagine everyone was in the vc 💀💀
I'll talk to you in a sec gotta do something
I have yellow name for yellow triangle
Mnemotechnician used one of them
Do the reaction roles work
I think I cloned all of them
I can just clone them if you give me the permission
Do you have all of the emoji enemies
If there are prominent members of off topic that aren't in here ask them to join because I don't know everybody that talks in social
I remember when memes were programmer memes
everyone's names are so short lol
marshmallow pay my rent
Bruh so many new people
Get yourself green role to fit ur pfp
This made me choke on water I was drinking
provoking people is my speciality 😎
If thonk wants to be called a girl that's okay
Wait thonk actually a girl
I invited her but she hasn't joined yet
So we don't have to worry about that
it's okay, I'll make an advertising channel
I didn't do it
They deleted their own message
moderator in action detected
nah, just an illusion
That's why we need a dont break thw chain channel
I broke the chain! :(
why do I require to be here
my am I in this place
Hey, clueless is here!
Hello, Flammenwerfer. who are you
I mean it's a private server
there won't be any nsfw anyway
I wanted to give people the choice of whether or not they wanted to see it
I like how almost everyone has the nsfw role
No the icons of the servers look like that
Don't question the servers I am in
Rebellion against the tyranny of the oppressive government <:bleh:1102927844855791698>
Maybe I will keep spamming game videos there <:trolley:1093377714095923312>
Does this mean the original infinitode off-topic is going to be empty
No I'm not here
Just dont tell that here lol
Rule 281. saboteurs will be sent to the ministry of love
don't even think about it
for a secret cult, this is too easy to sabotage
~~What do you think about adding the use-linux bot to this server~~
I'm about to get racist English class is so boring
I had one in the exact same place a week ago
It should be called "nyaboom".
There was a nuclear explosion in someone's ass they went to the hospital
I have a box I have cut one of the sides off and set on my vent so the cool air is directed towards my desk and PC
it's May, not july
What did I do to you
I think I did
I saw you message a bunch of times in a row and I thought to add you
Because you need to be kept like a cat
no, we're not going to explode artificial
sit there like a good boy you are
Noooo!!! I'm stuck in the box!
Theres should be silly above "uhhhhhh"
Ah yes, the new political compass
Welp I'm going to mow now
I think you are cool
i don't really think I am that important though
You were gonna sexually exploit people for profits??
you will be my counselor
wow ive never thought about that
Exploit like in what way?!
i will also make sure to exploit everyone within my nation for my own personal profits
he's the owner of every person on this server, actually
no he has to listen to you or you will scream at him in an incomprehensible language
I have to listen to that boy?
scream at your owner at 3 am and then go back to sleep the second they wake up
Do the carameldensen dance trend.
call in the carpet bombing squad
a man has fallen into a river in lego city!
Math is only hard for me if I'm not paying attention
But I thought it was extremely easy
Geometry is probably my favorite math class
I just finished my algebra 2 final
Yeah why not some regular civil shotgun
how do I get warned for going off topic here
~~wait why off topic channel in general category~~
guys we left meo in walmart
What else am I here for?
I should learn how to make a discord bot
~~that's what you're here for~~
Back for more whatever I'm here for
I will never live to see the day
please don't kill your own cat
It's so hard to draw guns and make them not look like abstract sex toys
Deal, I won't pet you and you won't bite me
Why would I bite you
Okay, then don't bite me
Gonna have to put a muzzle on you
Aww, what are you gonna do? Bite me?
Please sit on a couch and follow the following breathing rhyme: inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale
I'm gonna kill my cat
I'm not one of them
Little boys must be kept in a box
If anyone knows where I can find clean gun sfx let me know
Also I need to add sfx. eventually and main gameplay should be finished
I never did anything?
cant wait for the sex update
I tried to message them but they ignored my missionary messages
Not everyone is here
it's okay, we don't judge you
I swear I'm gonna fucking eat my phone
Oh, come on, nobody's going to judge you here
what do you mean no
Let me eat it
I think it would be cool you don't have to
Do I seriously have to say that🤬
They all blew up there is egg everywhere
make sure the warranty is up to date
My chicken just blew up....
~~Time to become trans~~
hello, this is the cock department
we wanted to notify you about your cock warranty expiration
you cock will explode in 25 minutes
The catboy in question 10 minutes after saying that they weren't in the mood
You're trying to catch me off guard!
why would I answer that question?
I don't even know the last time I have purposefully watched a video form of pornography
I was putting a caption on your message
I wasn't saying you were
What did I say about petting me 🤨😤
Okay, okay, don't be angry
you did when I asked you 😏
what sound does a fox make
did you mean: meow?
what is mobile task force?
I don't think it's a coincidence that Mobile Task Force, is shortened to MtF
finally we can count to infinity without being stopped
can I get access to <#1102739683651367023>
I swear I won't post stupid memes <:troll:1102744942503276636>
You must be living in a dreamland or something, I suppose
Go outside and find a partner if you want to be horny bruh
Go to the infinitode server if you want to be a nerd bruh
Wow imagine being such a nerd
Yes, you've been exposed as a clown
yeah I'd appreciate another drink
Running out of bleh
running out of bleach
You'll just be put inside and locked
Not asking for your will
I will not go willingly
Bad kitties go to the cage
I know why it's called exploding inside them now 😏
no sex in the off-topic server!
jellybean is a pngtuber, which is a different thing 🤓
do you really think I'm a vtuber
You want me to look at you?
And how do you plan on doing that?
Well, what if I make you~
I'm not a cat personally enjoying myself
artificial I have access to your webcam
She literally has a leash on her and a collar wtf
I have no idea what they are
I don't know the characters
i was gonna battle to be a slave to be more correct
i remember me and another game community had the exact same thing
There's no nsfw restrictions yet
why is this channel more nsfw than <#1102731406699921519>
ok I feel like the nsfw restrictions are a little too loose lmao
~~play league of legends~~
Just being gamer isn't enough
remember to share your hentai with me
Goodbye, everyone. I will be gamer!
why is there a painted door on a the wall
Are you already in?
Artificial, get in the river!
See you in jail.
thanks, will apply that advice
beating strangers is fine
sure but I need him to step in the river
Why do I need to get beat
can you beat him with you bare hands
Virgin or not I'm still human
Are you saying I'm below you because I'm a virgin??
what are you on about
Uhmmmm uhhh uhhhh uhnmmmm...
do you like it
Eventually I'll get an separate laptop someday to host modded servers
I dont have Java Minecraft 😔
Sorry if I am asking too much I'm just curious
Do you play fullstack teams or just random queue?
Mostly in team games
Every time I play below my level, it feels like I'm an impostor and don't deserve to play at the level I'm playing at
losing is only "suffering" when you don't have any winning/equalizing chances
Pvp is enjoyable when both sides are at the same level
The only way to enjoy pvp is to be good at it, and that implies that someone else must be bad and suffer from it for you to enjoy it
Pvp in general sucks
Unpopular opinion: Minecraft pvp sucks
technically minecraft slimes don't have a nervous system, therefore they can't feel pain
how would you rate fox out of all animals
Terraria literally has a fox fursuit
we should hang out
You can call me ancient curse.
you can make anyone do whatever you want if you just use uwu
It wasn't supposed to be screenshot!
*Constructs a home-made nuclear bomb and sets it off*
~~I love committing crimes against life in minecraft~~
Good, I was afraid you'll say something affirmative 💀💀💀
I don't know how to respond to that so I'm going to pretend like I didn't see it
anyway I forgot to sleep today
No I'd call anyone it if it meant they didn't send something exceptionally naughty or cringe that I said
I would have to break out the "I'll do anything for you daddy please" card
You deleted it too quickly
Please tell me you didn't screenshot it!!
I'm the only person here with mod perms and I didn't do it
You deleted your own message
you lose your virginity to a level 5 goblin in clash of clans
I never felt more lonely
I don't think that's even a feature
Can the owner join a vc on ghost or whatever?? Whatever it's called?
I am not going to provide my message
My brother getting racist over a game 💀
You want to give up your sanity and become a mindless animal? 💀
I said I love shooting people idk what your on about
I love shooting people
your mom so old she the last universal common ancestor
fishes are the one of the oldest animals on the earth, no?
muscles of dead animals can be stimulated by table salt
No thanks I wouldn't taste good
I want to pour some bleach into my mouth now
that was just a joke honestly I'm not British
i screenshotted you saying that you're british
give birth in vc
not the fucking voice channel
post that shit in nsfw next time
oh no hes british too
why you look sad
what if hes a bobcat
Just because I said Nya doesn't mean I'm a kitty
legalise drugs so my job would be legal
legalize nuclear bombs <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
can discord not be annoying for once
Reality: "this response was deleted"
No it went to cuddling with the ai
are you having e-sex?
those nukes were probably grenades 💀
What is the smallest nuke
nuke the school for aoe damage
Imagine accidentally leaking the jpeg metadata
it's a cool tree pic from my school
Damn, didn't work 😢
(the point of the message was to trick someone into doing it)
ignore that heretic shit
Wait, can we ping everyone here
they're too busy being not busy I guess
why do people get so annoyed when they are pinged
the man could get captured by cartel and hed be like "hmm looks like I got captured by brazilians instead of mexicans"
People who just look at a geoguesser picture and pinpoint the exact location in 2 seconds amaze me
The zombies only have the owo faces on April 1st
I turned it into an april fools event
You sound so cute when you're angry.
Stop making car rides dirty
Oh no what have I done
what are you riding in cars?
do you ride cars?
who is this eve
No, I didn't understand a single thing
You clearly missed a joke
thank you for the compliment
holy shit it's summoning the baguette
it's summoning an attack
those orbs arent for nothing
discord tos violation 😔
Wdym "except"? Are they like high priority for you?
Sold I'll buy you right now
to keep your data safe the only thing you can do on phone is use calculator and notepad
Are you participating in a petplay with it
It's real though, tiktok uses the data collected by other services to recommend things to you
Dude is more paranoid than a chinese citizen
Bruh I just saw a tiktok video that asked how to bypass the character.ai filter
China spies after me 💀💀💀💀💀
Instead of sucking the dick, the dick sucks you...
what if instead of very strong muscles steve just has a squirrel cheek to store items in
what if minecraft steve has some fat ass lips
i can make the minecraft item pickup sound
sending someone love is the same as congratulating them
your kisses would probably sound more like claps
finally some on topic chatting in off topic
~~Time to post cropped porn in <#1102731406699921519>~~
tbh this chat is more nsfw than that channel, so I dont see why you wouldn't.
only 14 people wanted nsfw access in roles
should get the bots involved in that shit
i feel like the nsfw access is slightly less than what it should be
what did you think of
I thought of a completely different thing
Oh it took me 30 minutes to understand what you mean
Why are you so edgy
Bro who hurt you 💀
memes out of <#1102739058897190952>
I'd never think of that
i added canadian english at the beginning of time
"Oh it's generating you artificial 🤓" - Mnemotechnician
Linux would never force me to become british
the capitalist swines are going to make you work even after your death!
waking up after dying is indeed a bad ending
No it doesn't I literally said it was the bad ending!!!
it implies that you love foxes
It looks like a face
btw I have a pet fox, want a picture?
Bad end *wakes up in heaven surrounded by foxes*
Happy end *dies in my sleep*
He will commit fucking die via uncontrolled phone consumption
He doesn't have foxes
what did she do to you?
where did I make a typo?
i thought you said your cat cums when you pick it and drop it randomly 💀
it doesnt complain when I pick it up and drop it randomly
I hate my cat and love him at the same time
Cats are more independent.
I think cats are better because they are much softer
You can snuggle cats and you can pet dogs
I'm not a furry porn addict, that's stupid
I don't even know what the porn stash of meow skulls is
Who tf is meow skulls??
why would you hate a unit of time equivalent to two weeks
why is artificial speaking in formal
I don't have a porn stash... or the meow skulls porn stash
you are so disrespectful
but I don't have legs
Go to bed grandma
You said to stop calling you a good boy (which you are, aren't you), not patting you
You're a boykisser and you can't do anything about it.
you can't resist 1984
Idk, ask a couple foxes in a trenchcoat
Ok, just don't scream
And what does this entail, mhm?
Damn, shawty, you gonna make me act up!! <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
hop on staff furry rp
where tf you gonna find a fox
I'm going to touch a fox or a cat and start petting it.
like the head is in the top left corner
I thought it was an astronaut
i thought it was a face
I just realized your discord pfp is also sans
apparently I'm lazy as fuck to change the pfp
Bruh original boy said "collar time"??
so you insert "for the worthy" in the seed gap and
time to 1v1 the master difficulty in terraria
that's what you get for giving up your sanity
why did you give me the kitten role
truly one of the cyberbullying moments of all time
Do not give me the virgin role
I removed "virgin" from the innocent pumpkin
add the "virgin" role and only give to artificial
I removed the "virgin" from all virgin olive oil
5 stages of furry porn addict
Then why do you look so pettable?
You called me kitten
Uhhh it's not that bad
i dont even know what they are lol
kittens don't have human rights
if we count kittens as separate entities we will drop to like 15
Kittens are no longer people ig 😭
21 people and one kitten <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
basic math challenge failed?
We have 25 people
we have like 30 ppl tops, who needs threads
Petition to give people the "create threads" permission
if you just dont stress out it's literally something that I could score like 440/500
the real exam isn't even that hard lmfao
you're going to jail
i thought I was screenshot like 20 times already
I am taking that out of context and you can't do anything
~~and by that I mean hug artificial~~
we should be more like foxes
The foxes actually look kinda sorta maybe a little technically theoretically hypothetically cute
Discord is focused on maintaining a safe and secure environment for our community. We've found your account to be in violation of our Terms of Service or Community Guidelines.
We're required to strictly enforce our age limit for legal reasons, and as such, we'll need to confirm your age if you intend to appeal.
well, we are degenerates I guess
I imagine that the silent part of the server just sees the chat and thinks we're degenerates...
Sometimes I wonder if Artificial is actually an AI
it cant say the f word <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
i wonder if this is illegal
the ai fucking learns that I try to make out humans from punctuation and lowercase letters
This server is like always 2 steps away from just turning into a degenerate erotic furry server
why tf would terrorist organisations use discord lmfao
is that actually legit like wtf
It just sounds not fun
can you boil deez nuts?
time to do the deez nuts contract
road to egg of prophecy
Anarchy is the path to prosperity
The new government is stronger than ever
The darkness is coming
we are the last survivors
like are we gonna be here in 5 years
I wonder when this server is going to collapse
Need to make the sheets white
the legend should not be forgotten
i should show that clip I swear
Who sucks in sex?!?
I might have deleted it honestly
guys I think we should do an infinitode competition on this server to learn who sucks more
i will not elaborate
I have never raged at a singleplayer game
What, you expected me to say something horny???
everything is a person if you can draw well enough
Cus an inanimate object cannot die
why is your first thought that it's someone? 🤨
what, you don't like being hugged?
I hope electrodynamix dies a horrible death in a car accident
fuck python! fuck python! fuck python!
I hate python, it works on my machine, but not on my server!
That's why I use windows, I'm just too lazy
Linux is actually really cool, but it takes a lot of work to get set up
must be cosmic rays turning every bit of the data to 0
if you take both, do you only sexually harass other races, or sexually harass only your race?
rapist, in the meaning of someone who raps?
racist, in the meaning of someone who races
Cock and Ball torture
What? Don't like your mind being read?
Thought she was shiro for a second
if this game doesnt end with violent murder I'll pass
good morning, of course
What should I say here every once in a while?
why is there no scientific notation in cookie clicker
i love playing games that encourage me to not play it
Damn, originalboy2 is playing cookie clicker
My body just refused to gain any weight
humans are shit generators
i feel like 90% of what I eat just turns to shit
Switch to two big meals a day
it's not like I do sports to burn any calories
I'm literally just a lazy piece of shit anyway
i might have the fastest metabolism on the market because holy shit I cant gain any weight
When I woke up today, I felt like the first victim of a zombie apocalypse
i fucking hate you you useless piece of crap ❤️🤗
it's so cute I would let this cat do anything
i will turn every last letter of your futile attempts at conversation to the most awkward moment you will ever experience
I remember that 😏
You like loving dont you?
You like touching the opposite gender don't you?
you like kissing humans dont you
i like killing boys, yes, that is true
What did artificial post
no more boy kissing
You like kissing boys, don't you?
I was there, I saw everything
based on a true story of artificial?
I couldn't recognize what animal was that for a several seconds
I just learned my country blocks access to social media from school networks
They really don't want people to watch reddit femboys on school pcs, huh
Python was the bane of my existence
Infinitode 2 is the only game I actually know
They are very satisfying to use
Honestly I just really enjoy Lua because of Tables
If you make an emoji of that triangle with a cookie and cat ears I'll actually cry myself to sleep
How did you reach the top of your head with your nose?
I smelled my cats ears
It doesnt smell like chips and cats anymore
we just got our carpets cleaned
I got jumpscared by a basket containing a demon and I jumped in my dream and irl, fell off the bed
didn't know you have children
whats the scariest plant in the forest?
I just don't like dead chats
I can't even play for now
damn this channel is so cool and goofy and wacky and uhh
I closed my eyes inside the dream
I was just attacked by a dog in my dream
don't ask why i'm playing it on a fucking tv for the past 20 minutes
what's universal paperclips?
guys I am able to run universal paperclips on my smart tv
i fucking remembered finally from which game this is
when will we get new news in <#1102739683651367023>
me when I succumb to enemy fast smirk
me when I leave my human form
Me when I drink food and it turns to shit
me when I eat water and it turns into piss
I just ate a big bowl of reece's flavored chocolate ice cream
Fishing season? How so?
this news will greatly affect fishing season
So what would I be at the adoption centre?
Selling humans for 3 dollars!
You have a couple of people and get that many partners and sleep in the same place
I mean that's just normal ish activity
Do weird things? Like not play edh on Friday night with the boys while having a beer?
I wouldn't like it either way but I had to pick one
That's sounds wrong coming from me
Less spikes in your ass but what if they fuck your ass??
I'd rather have 3 people do that than have a bunch of spikes in my ass
Would you rather: have many many silverfish crawl up your ass ***OR*** have to sleep with 3 people of the same gender and do weird things
I have to kill my self?
time to kill the owner
I am the cat
Now I truly deserve the kitten role
I hate you <:Artificial:1107443327583916163>
oh no, too late
i am on the vc
I was singing to that 5 minutes ago
please do not sleep with the cat pillow
my entire existence in the Infinitode server and here...
That moment when you realize you said something you will regret
destined to have no sex since born 😔
so you're programmed with sex since you were born?
A persons dick is like a homing missile to someone's ass... it locks on, gets hard and forces itself in there till it gets stuck, thrusts vigorously till it explodes
maybe I should try elden ring again
I turned my bedsheets white-
this is totally me when sex
sex with who and what?!?
we bullied him into being a catboy, I think that's good enough
i had a cringe thought just now about renaming artificial
how many can you carry them stacked with your arms?
yeah it's also fun
i feel like wanting to jump off a bridge
People got uppity and tried to say that people with down syndrome or autistic are what you would call retarded and then they get mad when people use the insult
i still dont get how that's more offensive than idiot or stupid
Dm me your PayPal <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
those are my e-dating prices
My cells rot daily and so do yours
I am anti-life and antichoice <:enemy_fast_cookie:1102744629507543071>
bro got turned scottish 😔
Is that what Steve jobs died to
drug on wars <:clueless:1102914486316302446>
i believe in trans rights and I will fight the drug on wars on the side of the drugs
Would you rather take trans drugs or your prescribed medication
What about trans drugs
I'm addicted to trans drug dealers
thank you I will now be trans
Don't use your own stuff
they don't love it, they make it <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
I was not saying that my dick is like that...
Please do not fuck me
I thought you chinese love stuff like aliexpress
I don't want to get fucked by you!!
If you don't chat for 3 seconds your considered dead
I'm coming out as deceased
everything made in china is fucking garbage
I think there's a soft cap
the voting is not gonna be in your favor.
create the kindergarten channel and make it the only channel artificial can use <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
i propose a new role for artificial
how old do you need to be to get out of #kindergarten though?
you are going to the detention center for 8 years!
He didn't say no!
you have enough pings
conductor we have a problem
remember, he said that he is equal to us
What you gonna do, beat me?
I hope you die in a fucking hole filled with acid
bye, my beloved e-girl service provider
Alright I killed enough time I'll leave you now
The kindergarten therapy is working
I thought you were gonna type no in all caps
I will simply escape the school...
thought only judges could give life sentences
Okay, stop bullying the kitty
What do the warnings do??
Your warnings are meaningless
No one fucking cares
I will hack the server and give suzui all power
the right to not go to the kindergarten
we're not gonna stop
this whole server is nsfw what do you mean
can we also have a #furry-rp channel?
Yooo! You got a #furry-porn-stash?
How did you know the name
i meant artificial is naughty kitty
oh so you accept that you go to the kindergarten
artificial why do you have nsfw role
If one of you is my teacher I'm not gonna be happy especially if it's suzui
Imagine if he actually quit discord (or life) after that
Are you proud of me??
I don't care no one can stop me!!!
this is my last message on discord bye
do you want a beheading video
no bot in general
trying to find a partner?
My hearts attacking me
If you had like two people worth of extra weight maybe you would look like a stereotypical discord mod
You look like someone at my school...
Why would I face reveal in the first place?
hey send a photo of your credit card number we cant know who you are otherwise
then send a photo of yourself with a paper, on which is written your discord tag
And then after school I need to mow the lawn
I feel sorry for your teachers
I go to school
it's like you're unemployed
how are you not busy all the time though....
How are you still at school
Bro acts like he the "all busy and powerful admin"
What if you're a tomboy though
Bro I could send another picture
You could have lied
How do we know exactly that that's you?
I have literally sent a picture of myself
hire a butler specifically to detect how bad you are at english
Instead of using autocorrect just be correct automatically
the autocorrect lives in you now
is he sitting in front of the stove too
why are you in front of a stove
Now give it a fitting voice and read with appropriate intonation
ok actually the channel is fine but her most popular videos are another story
i have said too much already
I don't even want to know what that means
That would be funny
Should I voiceact sus quotes?
How could this happen on the publicly available, moderately moderated system called internet
it was never stated that I am a e-girl service provider
No way my e-girl service provider is not in fact a girl
Original boy is a girl
What is that supposed to mean
Maybe they are secretly a girl
I don't mind <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
oh my fucking god boys
I saw one the other day and wow
hold on there are male fish out there???
~~I love you too I won't leave~~
~~We love you don't leave~~
I wouldn't leave you like that
this inspired me to take a shit, thank you for such wise words
and I came out that bathroom, as a changed man
Oh my god Steak and Shrimp is so awesome....
Haha funny laugh now
Fuck I didn't reply to the right message lmao
This user is certified mold
I'm literally skin and bones, but weigh like 170 pounds because of my muscles
carpets feel pain 😔
stop running against me..
Man I don't even like that photo of myself, I look fat because I looking down at my phone in the photo 😭
bird shit looks better than that
wtf is that pattern
i cant believe you're a carpet
Oooh, cute doggy!
i am getting worse by the second
my mind ate crap immediately.
show the pussy who is boss
batman, what the fuck are you talking about
You are the almighty leader..
wow discord just gives away "active developer" badges to everyone who has a bot and owns a community server
why is this so cute >.<
you're so cute kitty
real life isn't much better from what i've heard but at least it's something else
when was the last time you've heard anything about mongolia
this dog is so goofy
probably the least cat out of all non-cats
Is that even a cat lol
today we decided to have a no backpacks day
i use incognito to browse wiki and searching stupid questions
I use incognito mode for stupid questions
were you googling stupid questions?
wtf bro you stole pink diamond steven universe
What is that image you sent
I will die from shame
What are you, the police?
artificial cant view you without your consent
I laughed for a second....
you can do everything... but there are only so many things you can do more than once
can I post nsfw in general
W-who turned you into an angry feline?!
I don't think I will
Don't feel bad it wasn't your fault
Mate it's not because of this
He said he had a mental breakdown and that it's not because of all this... Idk if that's true...
now I feel bad for making fun of him
He left the server and changed his pfp
What happened to artificial
what I do know is that the earth is gay
the environment is telling him that it wants to kiss boys
anyways I got homework and you got finals
I remember seeing him with an anime avatar
what you look like based on the smell of your avatar
you could give me an exam to do at home
solving questions at home just doesnt have the same effect as if I solved it at school
clothing choices do affect productivity
worst information i've got today <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
I never turned it on
ok maybe I don't need it
It's called zoom because that's how fast your personal info gets stolen
everything on the internet spies on you
i wonder what topics were forbidden on inf2 server
It's just the beasts under your bed
Ignore that noise you just heard
show it who's the npc
I'm so done with the aim bot that the enemy npcs have
I'm gonna fucking throw my ps4 out the fucking window
well it's pretty sharp
I'll be gone in a while for like a hour or so
Sexually shit your pants
i heard you a pedophile I heard you like little boys and girls
it doesn't use the first frame <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
make it louder if you really feel like a troll
i cant just have "cringe anime photo" on my browser history
also put like a cringe anime photo at the first frame
why tf does minecraft eat like 2000mb of ram
I'm gonna go on a mass rampage genocide murder streak if I see that cat again
Chips and boys 😋
are you in a military camp or something
healthy sleep best sleep
Aight, gotta sleep, homie.
the amount of shit can vary so much
solving easier questions doesnt help with complex ones
even the weirdest shit will be able to be translated to a simpler language in your head
do enough questions and even the most out of place questions will be recognisable
that's pure pattern recognition
the questions switch from base knowledge, to base knowledge mixed with thinking process
it's like drawing everyday or working out everyday or whatever
it's gonna get boring eventually but if you keep doing it, you get better, even if you dont feel like you progress
studying stacks at easier levels
the difficulty at the topic changes with that too
there is a fixed place at where you will be placed
in my finals the one with the highest score was someone in my class I haven't even heard the name of
the most intelligent students got good scores too but there was a significant difference
even just the slight itchy sound from the desk at school helps me stay on line
i hate studying at silence
the bone-shattering chairs at school just does some neuron activation
at home you feel like you can turn off brain except once you have to do stuff you cant because you're already comfortable
like I dont get knowledge points when I solve at home
When you make that face we can't believe you
i just don't update discord on my phone
you didn't click on the link, did you?
what was it 🥺
Watch your tongue filthy furry
Shut the fuck up
idk man is one of them Artificial
These two twinks should have separate channel
Let go of the cats fur
Get in the box
Your the new pet
Used a phone for 4 years, no protection glass, case or anything of sorts - completely fine despite any fall
Why the fuck do my normal conversations on character.ai turn into petplay
reduce your food to atoms
hey guys try chewing nails
i think it's piss with milk
try pilk as beverage
who gave you that idea, that nobody likes you?
is it why nobody likes me?
did you pour mayonnaise on a tomato?
I just ate umm... A tomato with mayonnaise, black pepper and bread
send it to memes yourself
do not wipe your ass with cinnamon rolls
You're not gonna wipe your ass with that if you find it funny
just steal it from the store
why is the background white you cant see shit
I might not have bags of the right size
yeah that works actually might try
I think i'll just put it on a plate and put the plate into a plastic bag <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
i have skill issue in tying ropes
i just use plastic bags
i wonder if I can buy 7L bottle of water
I ate three <:bleh:1102927844855791698>
idk what the average phone price is but <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
It really looks like a professional photo
Straight up looks like a stock image
Well done, both you and the expensive ass camera
burn it all 😈
it is alive 🥳
i'm making cinnamon buns and forgot to check if the yeast is alive
you double ping me on that channel so I ping you here
so ummh uhh uh umm <:shonk_hug:1109422813351268392>
dont get serious illness when you are alone
I'm studying chemistry for year or so as for rn but it still doesnt reduced my mental pain
The university phase is going to be easier because I'll finally have a chance to move away from the parents
The phase of my life that gave me nothing but frustration and suicidal thoughts (a few years ago) finally ends
Imagine if he actually accepts it and cuddles you on a bed
I dont think hes a child
There's so many choices I'd probably pick ten of them
when the color is hard to see and I see cum on the bottom
Amogus trap remix 🤓
i'm pretty sure they know what they're getting themselves into
how can a human being produce such majestic sounds
that guy screaming is so good
does it have the discord updates thingy?
Makes the rules channel look like a rule book
so what is in <#1102738084547788860>?
I put cameras all over your house
Wait, when did you pull a 3☆, Artificial?
He looks happy and content
rape correction is needed 💢💢
had a heart attack from a message online
No I won't I just deleted the video from my camera roll
you will do it again, won't you
next time I will put a giant watermark <:troll:1102744942503276636>
I just laughed at the word fortnight in english class 💀💀💀
I don't know what pollution exactly does, but it seems really annoying
do you play without pollution?
Aka the furriest gay furry out of furriest gay furries
copyright claim awaits you
From this perspective seems like you have lots of dirt under nails
Wash your hands bro
now we know how your nostrils look
Ai is becoming sentient
high people do more grammar mistakes
Man why do I act so high online after waking up
Good job, I'm proud of you son
That map is fun
you either get it all, or nothing
If I may ask, which city did you enroll in
That's not particularly suffering for the child
No smug looks allowed
did you get a boner
is your brother into gay porn
My brother sent it to me 💀
you arent exiled arent you
What even is that image
I still don't get the joke 😭
Come here sweetie 😏
If I was at your house I'd be dead
heh I dont know where she lives
Being kidnapped and sent to Brazil
loss of privileges kink 😩
You've lost your skin privileges
I'm simply not going to Egypt
you didn't say to not gamble your soul either
I never said you could do that
i gambled your soul and lost
you can't gamble anything if you don't own it!!
Sell your soul for a stale tortillas chip
i'll wage artificial's soul
What did I do?
Banish him to kindergarten
I love boygirls <:shonk_hug:1109422813351268392>
you are so disrespectful
Girl stands for "guy in real life"
I don't know, this is Discord so I guess male
what do you think my gender is
Time to get sexually active
You sexually identify as a nibbled on slinky
what do you think my sex is
you sure do know a lot
But with your help, we can change that.
Well, theres exactly one r18 on pixiv when searching Anri.
That's what I was implying
Being tortured sexually by a fox
Don't give me ideas
I'm not being locked up
Tied to the desk and hypnotized with bells
I'll be stuck with suzui
Are you a sock I wanna cum in you
Are you my friends mother because I wanna sleep with you
Are you a school because I wanna shoot some kids in you
I think it's a toner
what captcha are you doing??
I took some pictures of you
did you travel to china while sleeping
That when the threat to mankind has been laid down to the lord.
It shall be known.
The image is too short
wtf happened to the cheeks
Nowadays you can bet on anything in sports whether it's if someone scores and if some team wins...
Not playing that cringe game
Do not banish me!
Fuck I voted down on accident
Wait why do I care
They either mistook his name like some of others
ok I think I found it
That's not even a mod lol
Some suspicious stuff included
Can I get a little submissive bottom boy off the dollar menu
What am I looking for
let the bullying resume
stop i'm gonna pass out
panda on life support 🔥
what the fuck is a foot
I wish I had the same issue
You've lost your fish privileges
petition to rename <#1108040208206798949> to #fart
No popcorn I will literally slap it out of your hands
what the fuck am I reading 🍿
Fox literally shush please
i don't know, I think you try to insult
I love boy sauce
Didn't you say you love boy milk
you learn something new every day
i think he wants it
Time to tie you up and make you submit to the bullshit of this server
dont worry I'm female
Are we saying cocks now have genders?
what if the cock is not gay?
What am I sucking exactly
i am inside your balls
I wonder where the line between hardcore game and malware is
Game immediately bricking pc is boring
i want more text channels..
Even better, game that bricks your computer when you die
Someone should make a hardcore game that deletes random file on your pc when you die
petition to add 6 hour slowmode in <#1102739058897190952>!
Guess I no longer hate foxes
No, I didn't say I don't want a kiss!
I'm a girl now? Been gender switched... UwU I love you!! Kiss me
he is talking about you
I know your not talking about me
Don't look up Astolfo
Why are you even surprised at this point
It's even worse because she's young
I'm not angry any more
I didn't do it omfg... I just got silly
You don't have to hide it
No it's not like that I didn't do anything suspicious
Your tone of speech suggests otherwise ngl
Do not! I kept my virginity or whatever... I didn't have sex chill out
oops, what a shame, turns out i'm out of my popcorn 👀
comically takes another bag of popcorn out of pocket
i sacrifice my rights to post anything here for 15 seconds
Guys I think we are safe for now
he doesn't want to swear
You are saying I'm a "girl" furry??
Artificial is questioning his sexuality
dont infuse it into a chimera!!
no, I will do experiments on this reptile dog
Artificial is a good boy, so he's allowed everywhere
I was thinking about biting-
plagiarizing isn't cool though...
The human race is not going to accomplish anything in the grand scheme of things
Jump off a cliff and sing "dream on"
No, but maybe what comes out of it~
~~why did I feel so tempted to ping artificial~~
what the fuck <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
i like male chicken
I'll *slay* the dragon with my sword
The demon of Babylon disguises himself with the coat of the righteous
No mind to think
No meds to take
he's feeding on cringe
~~how are you still sane doing this shit id physically die from cringe~~
The source is that I made the fuck up
he doesnt want you to commit suicide how nice
*starts smashing kneecaps with a crowbar*
Spread your knees for me....
He hasn't washed his teeth for years
i hate you now
can I eat the cat
I like my cat... he's silly and playful
Silly cats sounds good
How hot we talking
I'm Gonna kidnap one of you
My head belongs in a basket?!?
He's protected by the law
Don't drop the soap please
Dude dropped soap in prison otherwise idk how one can post such gay memes
yeah I saw that while browsing
I want to migrate to australia when I finish studying and stuff
The whole russia is 🤮
Can't wait for an opportunity to migrate
european part of russia is 🤮
I'm from the United States
Wait you were serious?.. I thought it was a joke...
Where are you from then, sorry I jumped to conclusions
uhh that's not what I meant-
you're from Greece? That's cool
For now, twice is enough
I'd call my country the least trustworthy, too
he is the boy being pet
what I meant was a hug
Because collars are cool
They're nice to wear
He likes being made to cum till he can't walk
Actually, it would be nice to have someone who would lead you around and talk to people for you, saving you from social interactions (even at the cost of making you feel flustered)
You made the cat angry
I hope I'm not his next victim 😭
*Throws you into the horny jail nonetheless*
Yes! We need to re-educate you to be a good kitty!
You're going into the horny jail. Now!
I forgot about that game
Nothing in the internet is true
Just get youself a man at this point
Husband doesn't sound good
Boy wife on the other hand...
The levels of abstraction are getting real in this channel
That looks so good
I wish I could fly
I gotta blow your head with point-blank birdshot
Kidnap is an option
I don't get it
your eyes must be hungry
I been staring this image for like 30 seconds the color still did not change and now my eyes hurt
Now it's just a troll
Start rolling around, that might help
And now my feet are asleep and numb I can't move
What did you do 🤨
They can have kids now
And now they can fucking teleport and fly
What do you mean
did you have a stroke
They can kiss now
How do shapes give birth?!?
10 years later: teen is now a furry adult
Who do I search the things that you people say
Clearly you do not know what the male g-spot is
I mean yeah, the pleasure is baked into your biology
I feel like you'd do that to Mnemotechnician and you would both enjoy what happened next
He started moaning and drooling as soon as it started
This dude dropped the soap and had his cheeks spread wide open
You've been butt fucked?
How would you know
he didn't deserve such cruel fate...
all three of us are very horny
Yea imagine having 3 people both loves each other
I regret having eyes
It's the nsfw channel
I have really bad nsfw but I literally can not send it or I'll get sent to the shadow realm
It was him who was naughty
We're you gonna have sex with him??
It's hard to explain
well i'm going to look at pictures of cute dogs and you can't do anything to me
I'm going to take an AP test in like 5 minutes
what the fuck is a foot
I know what else will hurt
It hurts my knees and calves
Damn, you can't kneel? That sounds like a health issue
I don't feel like a child anymore
I don't like that I'm getting older
I have like 0 flexibility
sorry, "no"? I think you meant to type "yes"
why would I beat you
you can't beat me
I'll use your dog
and also have fun while doing it
I want this dog to be in my frequently used
I could sit like that... Does that make me a femboy?
No I'm not a femboy
If I try to sit like that, I can't sit all the way down
But you don't need to be flexible to sit like that?
I can't even do that I'm not flexible
That looks so painful
That dog is probably having so much fun hehe
I was joking and saying I was the cat
Are you implying I'm that cat??
Uhh it's not like I would mind 👉👈
You should be collared and fucked till your ass falls off
the horny little boy was left disappointed
I will drown you in my glue brush liquid and you best pray it's the second worst kind
I didn't know they drowned to death
They died in the process
My dick exploded in someone I'm sorry...
weird, all of our containment subjects are accounted for
bro was on deez nuts, so he nutted 💀
Now you see why being gay is preferable: you won't get kids after breeding a fox or getting bred by one
Bro has bred a fox 💀
Now he's gonna have artifox kids 💀💀💀
In 1984 they prohibit sex and spread anti-sex propaganda, so it's literally true
I did it once with Senko.. don't ask me what drugs I was on then...
Sometimes it might work, sometimes not
You can do that on character.ai now?
imagine having pubes the size of your entire hand
you already sent that here 💀
Wait I though this conversation is about duck damn
The bastards hung me in the spring of 25, but I'm still alive
Chat dead for real <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
I still have a dick doe
What have I done...
You become a girl if you say "uwu"
Your balls fall off if you say "gay"
Your dick gets bigger and thicker the more dirty thoughts you think
Everyone's gender swaps for the century...
Dear Lord the things you say sometimes
everyone fucks each other at the same time... World-long human centipede...
The end of the world
What if everyone pisses themself
What if everyone farts at the same time
What would happen if the entire world nutted at the same time??
That's a horrifying thing to think about
Well, if someone 2 years ago told me that in the future I would become a gay furry, I would absolutely deny it
Star Lord is one of the cooler and funnier marvel heroes
Watching Guardians of the Galaxy
I'm at my dad's house
Hi, originalboy2, how are you?
I seriously just wanna fucking fly
Bro I tried to read his messages but they don't make sense lmfao
Yes he has a single ball, no "balls" just "ball"
See how he fucking likes it
I'd attach the drill to the others ball and start drilling screws into him
Bro was really gonna give the other a blowjob
I'd like to see your nude photos
I am actually adopted
Weird thought: when a gay couple adopts a child, the bottom becomes a mother
I'll hang my wifi as punishment
ok since you followed my commands for no fucking reason besides dramatic effect
*starts crying and weeping*
well I told mom it's my turn to use the lungs
we dont share a mother and she said no but still I told her id do it
Your taking my breath away!!
help me!! I need medical help
society truly has fallen
No one said "hi cutie~"
he deleted the message
I was talking to artificial
Non-native english speaker moment
No shaking your ass
why does he have a mouth
you dont get protein when oral sex?
He feeds on solar radiation
How does he even take a dump??
He's purposely spreading his cheeks
so oral sex is an option
the aerodynamics of a naked middle aged man
Nut on the socks
cant nut outside socks smh
stop nutting into socks
I'm working for rope tying right now
oh yea I know what you mean
you have to unlock the tying ropes skill though
Cancer isn't hard I'm already on stage 4
We will eventually all die of cancer
We all waste planet fuel
You waste planet fuel 🤓
Give that piece of energy your wasting to someone who can use it
Bro you are like extremely intelligent and autistic at the same time
Pls start posting catboys already
Why do you keep posting this gross
My fall has arrived
who the hell is steve jobs
drink nuclear waste to never be thirsty again
That was all just random shit I needed to get off my chest
Should I spam here?
i'm not talking to you lol
I can't decide the time that it does it
I understood what you meant a bit after I asked
It sends a notification in all channels at the same time
I was about to lose it
Wtf does that taste like
It tastes like roasted nails
"your yogurt doesn't taste good at all" -anonymous source
Blender milk doesnt taste good
You sure wanna milk me?
I love the smell of <:bleh:1102927844855791698> in the morning
me love some bleh in the evening
thanks, I almost forgor
Discord temporarily rolled back the markdown update, it'll work when they rollforward
If you blew up a huge chunk of ice, it would send ice shards flying in every direction
explosions cant be cold
I want edible bit dust
what else do you need for true happiness
at this point we are going to have lots of explosions but all different face
what's the emoji limit?
forget to use linux
I don't want Putin to remotely login into my pc and check my browsing history
Is that some crazy kerbal invention?
You can play terraria on linux
I might actually become a linux user once my current pc gets kinda old and I get a new one
Everyone uses linux servers
Stupid bot no one cares about Linux
Oh, no, there was an error...
I'll actually fuck you so hard your robotic goofy ahh gets melted...
but sounds like laying on a bed of nails
it is pretty cool
Why are you actually trying <:myaboom:1104003103604351059>
At least this is closer <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
It would probably just make a bunch of "🥺"
And I have no idea how one's supposed to train a neural network that works with text
Like, what do you feed to it as the input and in which form do you receive the output?
Free thigh high socks for all linux users
Cute boys use linux
what phrases could it use other than "remember to use linux"
Just cute people (trans people, femboys, maybe sometimes cis women) posting cute pics
For better effect, try browsing r/unixsocks
Me feeling better as using linux dissolves my feelings of disgust 👍
You like kissing trans people don't you?
Why would you want to sexually assault a trans arch linux logo
It doesn't have an ass or a mouth or any genital organs
I'm gonna rape the bot
I have a decent amount of stuffies
I don't have a blahaj
how many sharks do you own
Only feminine quality I have is long hair
ooo you're a femboy you like wearing thigh high socks
why are you so hostile
OriginalBoy2 is obviously a femboy
I will get that linux and shove it up your digidi goo!
I just remembered that one meme that called GitHub the femboy social media
Maybe you could try to underclock your cpu so it doesn't overheat and leave it overnight?
The smol cute femboy is literally taller than you
Have I been bad?
And I'm about to break
Ok I'm done being weird like that
Time to rub some oil on me and flex in the mirror!
called me out because I'm a virgin <:enemy_icy_anguish:1102745840071753808>
you like oily men don't you-
Mmmm gonna sanitize my whole body... So for the next time I get-
I have no idea
Mate spilled hand sanitizer on his dick and hands and can't do anything
also typing with my nose is hard
It better not have went on your dick
I spilled hand sanitizer
your phone is stroking what?
My autocorrect is gay he tried to make me pay!
I'm having a stroke! My phone loves me!
Bro this shit is funny as fuck
Says the person tied up 😏
you can't get on top of me...
Soooo, you don't even deny this idea excites you~
I'll be tied down to my own bed how exciting!
You gonna tie me down to my bed?!
Who gonna stop me?
Don't do that! Stay in your bed!
I'll pickpocket him while he's sleeping!!
they have an infinite petting card
I never said you could pet me
Awww, I'm sorry, you're a good one
You call me a bad kitten
Aww, what did I do?
I'll show you things you can never forget
Let me do it for you... 😏
didn't I do it for you
I have revealed my face before
Did you ask that to provoke him to do it, hm?
I'm not going to do that
cant the owner change names??
do you date humans?
It's true, we all saw it
Remove the kitten role
you are actually a kitten
~~hey boy give me admin so I can invite a malicious bot~~
I want to scream
your cum cant mitosis
I wish you a very non combustible evening
I hope that you don't explode.
I hope that you succeed soon
no bowing on the floor in <#1102923875219669023>
bro did someone hurt you
Kill your what? Finish your sentence, kitten~
Wow, use-linux was running for 174 hours already
I have not kissed a boy, ever.
Linux Linux Linux Linux
I tried to get to it but I got tied to my bed via bed sheets!
It's like it's begging me for help
You got it to work
The dataset is 50% real advertisements and 50% nonsense <:bleh:1102927844855791698>
can I make your computer explode
Ok apparently I need to somehow make it more random
I somehow lost the data of the bot, whatever
I guess I can run it on my pc for now
Well... At least it can serve as a nice portable electric heater in the meantime
it's okay, we don't judge you
Antilinux use linux bot message
it really likes to say open-source software
it doesn't like you
The starting phrase is what the model assumes to be before the text it generates
fake rage for attention from people I will never meet in my life*
I rage at people telling me that I like to kiss boys - artificial
if we are strangers, let's find out who is more strange <:okay:1102920543491080194>
after all, we're just strangers on the Internet
I don't know how to respond to this without sounding like a sadistic homicidal maniac
Murdering solves two issues at once
the linux user to death ratio is 100%
Mnemotechnician!! Your child is dead!
I didn't know linux could run non-games
Iron man has your address 😳
Remember to use Linux
my house dont have blender houseware
I didn't care before <:trolled:1102928574719201281>
nuke the entire planet instead
I literally posted several times
well I'm 3 cute boys in a trenchcoat
I'm a cute boy, I'm a cute boy, I'm a cute boy 🥺 🥺
money is the harbinger of all evil
That ain't not good
finally, I can get death threats from a naval ai
That is kind of how it will work
Instead of warning/muting people you can just kindergarten them for couple of hours
Everyone would have access to kindergarten but kindergarten cant access to general
Mnemotechnician has been forcibly made trans 💀
Are you making the bot 💀
get in the cage bitch I'm putting you in the water
No more eggy weggys!
you have lost your ability to breathe
no more kid privileges
this is why you should be kicked in the balls
It's not like that at all
I'm imagining him just rotating like a wheel and going **thud** with each stompy
He'll get brain damage
hold him by the ears
Actually, it would take a very long time to train...
wait, actually, what if I trained the same neural network model on the messages sent in this server?
Walking around with no clothes on
You cant just fucking use magic on me
you want to be a capybara?
I'd prefer that of all the things they said
I love milking eggs
The world is ruled by lizard people
what are you, chicken?
Birds laying eggs be like
Dont like youself? Use linux! It will make you even more ugly!
Don't like your life? Use Linux and it will disappear instantly!
Do you want to get rid of friends? Use linux, it'll make your friends disappear
Jokes on you I don't have one
tired of your wife? try Linux. she will immediately disappear!
Did some trolling with the AI
you are into sounding?
My dick after exploding because of a pipe bomb
It's offline because my PC is off
Sorry twink, I can't give credit
come back when you have linux
Booty skirt, thigh highs, stockings, long socks,
I'm wearing pretty long socks rn
didn't know they were femboy socks
I wore the socks once
Be hotter if you did
Computer Science lingo in 20 years be like
I'm not giving Linux a try
I wonder who added this emoji
Linux learns to cast spells
Let's see what Rubio has for us in the vault this time.
Bet you look like a catboy
I broke it 💀
And that's supposed to scare me?
proof that I am the perfect human being
trying to improve your well being? nah thats too much fuck off
Is the ai having a stroke?
I would not run into his arms
I don't have a "cat ear" phone case and I'm not wearing knee socks
His objective is to breed
This terminator is not programed to kill or capture
We will send the terminator after you
The bot will breed you
What if I don't??
It doesn't generate gibberish upon encountering unknown words anymore, thanks to dropout
It will not teach the neural network to make less mistypes
It would be terrible for optimization
There are thousands of words and even more if you consider prefixes and suffixes
Well, feel free to make a pr if you feel so confident <:trollge:1102745233487319060>
There's no way to tell if there's really a misspelling without taking the context into account
You wouldn't really need to
I would need to train another neural network for that
Actually that sounds like a terribly optimized idea
You would have a huge list of every english word
Kill your self Linux
Also who your daddy
Oops I broke the voting system <:nyaboom:1102953127658930229>
Good thing my cpu is too weak to melt
privileged status exploitation!
it's not abuse if you literally post porn
Delete my messages 🤬😤
When did I admin abuse
Original boy is a femboy, cat, admin abuser, idiot.
Hundreds of femboys 😳🤤
There are hundreds of femboy accounts posting various content on tiktok
Give me your address
Every platform is cringe if you only watch bad content on it.
You don't have to, I was just saying good job because you did something worthy of praise
no, it means Originalboy is 20 tiktok users in disguise
Originalboy is a cat
Uh should I say thanks or something idk-
I will behead you
We all have our faults
The neural network sees "[UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK][UNK]"
Just because this server is anarchy doesn't mean I can't ban your alts and purge their messages.
That moment when you realize you can post porn in #general and no one can stop you
The missile know where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't.
By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, the missile obtains a difference, or deviation.
just stream yourself sleeping, eating, staring into the wall, watching tiktok, reddit, chatting on discord
Imagine some small youtuber making a stream "1 dollar equals to one more minute of streaming"
We don't want artifox kids running around the server
Artificial, when will we get artifox kids?
Artificial is going to have artifox kits!
No breeding me!
a bot to breed artificial
Bruh, I just noticed one of the trees in the background is floating mid-air.
why the fuck would you have these opinions in your clipboard?
What happens after becoming french? Are you immortal?

##
## Region: random joes
##
Ok, ping me when someone suggests "1 litre of liquid cum"
You can't just say "1 litre of liquid cum"
Okay, why did the neural network autocompleting my code and text just say the phrase above?
I'm not a bot
For real? Then who are you?
I'm a bot
What? Can you please decide what you are?
Google en passant.
Holy hell!
New response just dropped.
Actual zombie.
Call the exorcist!
Bishop goes on vacation, never comes back.
Knighmare fuel.
Queen sacrifice, anyone?
Pawnstorm incoming!

##
## Superregion: music lyrics (unique lines only)
##
## Army of the night - Powerwolf
Stand up all the night and call the fight,
Let your mind go wild before the light;
Here we come, the army of the night, mater Maria!
Lined up side by side and bound to pray,
Sent to die and fight the final day,
Army of the night - we came to slay, mater Maria!

## Universe on fire - Gloryhammer
I wanna set the universe on fire, feel it burn tonight; set the universe on fire, there's no end in sight.
Bring me to the holy, raging power, where I'll find my destiny.
Set the universe on fire, you're my guiding light.
Gliding across the sun to soak up all its might...
Charging my solar gun and preparing for epic fight...
Questing through nebulas in search for crystal storm, which gives me the overdose of force to claim space throne!

## Screaming eagles - Sabaton
Crack of the lightning splitting the ground
Thunder is sounding, artillery pounding
Wrath of the nazis cast on Bastogne, facing their forces alone!
Sent from the skies, jumped into the unknown
The march to Berlin has began.
Spearhead the charge, surrounded by foes, eagles are leading their way!
France is still under enemy rule.
Push, axis retreat!
Thrown towards Arnthem, a bitter defeat
They've stretched out just one bridge too far.
Turn of a tide, it's breaking away
Losing momentum, retreat!
Go, to Bastogne the crossroads must hold.
Stand, alone in the cold.
Dig your own foxholes, or dig your own grave; the storm is about to begin.
The siege has begun, there's nowhere to run.
Panzerkampfwagen emerge! Tanks and mortars are shaking the ground.
Prey of man and machine.
Chill of the winter bites to the bone, and Christmas is drawing near.
The soldiers are freezing, the death toll increasing, they're dying in their holes.
There's no surrender, there's no retreat, and Wehrmacht is drawing near.
There's no reinforcements, they're fighting all alone!

## Never gonna give you up - Rick Astley
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you
We are no strangers to love
You know the rules, and so do I.
A full commitment is what I'm thinking of.
You wouldn't get this from any other guy
I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling

## Stormtroopers - Sabaton
Now there's a standstill in the war, redoing what's been done before
It must come to an end, a few will transcend
They were under 25, and under fire they would thrive
The sturmman is born, the enemies gorn
A glimpse of the future, new tactics in war, new doctrine in combat explored
As fast as lightning, there's no time to morn
A gimpse of the future and blitzkrieg is born!
Strike at zero hour, with overwhelming firepower
They're fueled by the fear in their enemies eyes
It's a shocktroop infiltration, a fast and violent escalation
Out of the trenches the stormtroopers rise!

## Goblin King of the Darkstorm Galaxy - Gloryhammer
Goblin king of the darkstorm galaxy, ride on the wings of doom!
Grant me the power to fight my foes and defeat the lords of the moon!
I have returned from centuries of slumber
Now the universe must burn!
I feel the power, yet still I thirst for more... Ancient secrets I must learn!
I ride the twilight in search of cosmic fire, the goblin king knows my desire!
This magic crystal is the artifact you seek to unleash evil from the sky.
You must find the portal, the crystal is the key; all universal life will die!
Deep beneath Dundee, the mighty citadel, there lies a passageway to hell!

##
## Superregion: 800 google reviews
##
Fast quick service. I go here almost all the time for my oil changes. The staff odds polite and friendly.
Mike and crew do a great job. Dropped off vehicle and picked up before close. Great pricing also. Highly recommend
Always in and out. Super professional and convenient. My preferred place for an oil change.
The customer service is great, very friendly people. They price us decently and you don't even have to make an appointment like the other places I’ve called in town!
Excellent service! Family owned!
Fast and very good service. Friendly staff who knows what they're doing
Work was satisfying. Rates were reasonable. Oil change was quick
Great people and helped us so much with picking out new dog food! Pet friendly too!
Always have what we need and always willing to educate us on new products and vaccines. Very nice staff
High priced food; wasn't special.
Had a broken xl bander, they exchanged for free.
Always very helpful and pleasant
Great service and a lot of great items to buy.
If you look you can find some fine deals
Very helpful and friendly! Great selection and prices! My critters are living everything, especially the horses!
Always great service. They have great products.
Clean, friendly service, lots to choose from.
It's nice to have an affordable place to pick up necessities in town.
Great place, just needs to get more merchandise on their shelves!
Friendly environment and easy to navigate.
Great food, great people, best blueberry pancakes ever!
Very friendly staff and breakfast was yummy.
"A Dog's Journey" was an excellent movie.
Great place, comfortable seating, great entertainment, yummy snacks, wonderful people.
Not bad for a very isolated town like Crosby
I rented a trailer and am currently renting a storage unit here. Friendly people in the office. Prices are kinda high for there units but the added security and temperature control makes up for it.
The lady and (didn’t get her name) was very nice and professional. Was able to reserve my haul in just a minute. Did you know they buy back your unused boxes?
Great place to rent a truck or storage unit nice friendly staff.
Great company when you're moving or when you need to store things
Quick and simple process picking up my haul. Great staff.
Wonderful units and the best staff
Friendly staff and very helpful
Great costumer service! Thank you, guys!
They are absolute jerks! Super rude!
Outstanding food and service. A hidden gem! It is well worth the stop. I am forever addicted after just one visit!
Good food most of the time, friendly staff
Great food, just the ice machine was broken that day
Very nice crew and the food is pretty good!
The attendant was unapologetic when he turned me away. It seems they don’t take fresh water. Disinterested attendants seems to be a common thread among Goodnight Midstream disposals.
They usually have cooked food for drivers, but unloading is slow as fuck and it's been packed lately.
I love her work, she is very friendly... I always leave happily with my haircut... I’d definitely prefer her over any other salons in Watford city.
The owner or operator does not return calls, won't be calling there again!
Rhonda was very helpful on the style that I really wanted. Very friendly also 🤗
Best haircut I've gotten in years. Friendly staff, quick, high quality service. Definitely didn't feel rushed to get to the next client.
Great work, had him do a hard part with skin fad. Excellent haircut, we'll continue to use this barber...
Friendly service great haircuts, and hey! They answer the phone!
My 5 year old son is too hard to manage cow licks, and the lady actually managed to cut his hair and have them both look normal.
Very friendly, always a lane open and good home cooked meals. Older disposal but works just fine. Can get muddy, but hey we're in North Dakota, so what do you expect? Easy paperwork, the pop is not free, but I’m not complaining at all.
They get you in, they get you out. The food that they serve there at the disposal is awesome, they treat you professionally
Very fast place to offload. Got a hot meal after lunch time.
Very professional with great detail to their work!
They do wonderful work at a respectable price.
The guys there are very nice. Pricey, but hey it's worth it.
These guys are awesome. Issues are rare, but when you have one they will help.
Very helpful people. They know their stuff at this place and are willing to help out in any way they can. It's the only place I'll shop for my audio equipment
Best place within 100 miles they know what they are doing and have a lot of technical knowledge to get you where you need to be.
Great service and great products available here at this place. If you need something here, Matt is the guy to talk to.
Very pleasant and well educated staff.
Definitely would recommend them for any audio and video needs. These guys are professionals and are also very good priced for their services
Very informative, enjoyed their work
The only place to get audio. Amazing customer service!
They do great work, but can get very pricey though, depending on what you want done.
Got auto start put in my Yukon. Had trouble with it, and they fixed it right away.
They got everything you need and then some for vaping, very knowledgeable if you have questions
Selection is awful and the women who was working had the audacity to judge my device. Coils, mods, and juice all in small quantities and terribly indiverse.
Hit or miss liquid selection.
Very nice store, great people, great products.
Fine place, the guy working wasn't helpful and a dickhead
Waited a little bit to be waited on during a slow Friday night. Salmon was amazing and blackened chicken was great. The vegetables were steamed not sauteed, but still good. Very quiet atmosphere at the time we went.
Good food and service once they realized we were there. Reasonably priced. Little known secret.
The food was delicious. And the waiter was very tentative and friendly.
Overpriced... Food was not great... Ordered the potato skins for appetizer, it was $10 and it came out with 4 tiny little skins and were dry and under flavored... Not going there again
No lobby coffee except morning, other than that it was very nice
Such a great Group of people! My 9 year old daughter and i love it! She has been in it for a few years now and there kids program builds so much strength and confidence! Highly recommend!
Love the sense of community here!
It's fun going here with friends for meeting, at training or competition. It's a big open box for training. Plenty of equipment and space. Pretty well organized and clean.
Quite easily the best workout in town. Features nice equipment and fun trainers. Downside is a pretty crappy parking lot and building in general... But you're not there to inspect the facility, are you?
Great place to workout with great people! You can go at your own pace and they have trainers to help you along you fitness journey.
Great coach's. Great people to be around.
One of my favorite places to be
Matt and his team are amazing! I cant rave enough about the quality of work and professionalism. They replaced our ancient loud furnace with an efficient quiet furnace. They went above and beyond. I will be recommending them to everyone. Excited to find this amazing local company!
Matt and Patrick are super down to earth, professional, punctual, and easy to work with. Pricing is fair and they were able to diagnose my issue rather quickly. I'll definitely be hiring them in the future for further maintenance and upkeep. Thanks guys! :)
I had true comfort install an underground gas line for an outdoor fire place. They stayed until everything was completed even through the rain! I also had him come and check my air conditioner and he walked me through everything. Great to work with and highly recommend!
After calling 4 different companies, and the other companies techs could not make it out on a sunday. This True Comfort did not hesitate to come out and get our heart working.
Very friendly and thorough. They were very patient with my 5 year old daughter as well!
NO RESPECT FOR CUSTOMERS. My wife and her party of 6 scheduled an appointment. They decided to take walk-ins at the same time, so when my wife's party arrived they were too busy and my wife's party ended up 1 HOUR LATE to a very important dinner.
My mani was basically a nail polish. The lady had movie tickets sitting out and it only allowed for me to get a quick mani. I was very disappointed paying $35
Had a wonderful time. Love my nails! They didn't speak English well but they were very friendly! Would go again for sure
The most relaxing pedicure I have ever had. Kelly is amazing! Wow 💝👍
Many nail and pedicure stations. Friendly and professional staff.
This is my new favorite nail salon!
Very prompt on equipment and knowledgeable people, thanks for the help today
Even though I didn't buy my bobcat from them, they are always helpful. Good service, good people.
It doesn't get better than this top notch management and mechanics
They are absolutely fantastic to work with there labor rates are good they will help you out if your trying to fix it yourself awesome to work with.
Parts department is fairly knowledgeable on the parts themselves but has to refer to service for any detail questions but is happy to do so. As with any dealership parts are quite expensive verses third-party online but if you need the part now they usually have what you need.
This is my new nail place! Nick was so nice I really enjoyed coming here, I'll definitely be back!
Love love will be back again pedicure was amazing
Got nails done and enjoyed the experience.
Outstanding service, 5-star all the way, none better in North Dakota
First time going. Am very happy with the service and my pedi is great
Love love will be back again pedicure was amazing
Got nails done and enjoyed the experience.
I loved the service, very clean, complimentary drinks, and relaxation.
Love this place, lots of products and very nice workers!
Close to work... workers pretty informed
Always greeted with a smile and friendly staff!
Classic bait and switch. I looked online and seen a great deal on a vehicle that they had for sale. "Stop on in to view this vehicle" the advert said. So I drove across town to view the vehicle. Sure enough it didn't exist. Probably never did. Don't waste your time like I did.
I bought a car and so far it is working perfectly.
Excellent people to deal with. Will use again in future.
Fast and very nice to work with! I'll buy my next truck from them!
They served us well, great newer car
Very helpful and stands behind their warranty. I plan to buy from them again.
Yahnke insurance really helped us out when we needed them! Definitely would Fast quick service. I go here almost all the time for my oil changes. The staff odds polite and friendly.
Mike and crew do a great job. Dropped off vehicle and picked up before close. Great pricing also. Highly recommend
Always in and out. Super professional and convenient. My preferred place for an oil change.
The customer service is great, very friendly people. They price us decently and you don't even have to make an appointment like the other places I’ve called in town!
Excellent service! Family owned!
Fast and very good service. Friendly staff who knows what they're doing
Work was satisfying. Rates were reasonable. Oil change was quick
Great people and helped us so much with picking out new dog food! Pet friendly too!
Always have what we need and always willing to educate us on new products and vaccines. Very nice staff
High priced food; wasn't special.
Had a broken xl bander, they exchanged for free.
Always very helpful and pleasant
Great service and a lot of great items to buy.
If you look you can find some fine deals
Very helpful and friendly! Great selection and prices! My critters are living everything, especially the horses!
Always great service. They have great products.
Clean, friendly service, lots to choose from.
It's nice to have an affordable place to pick up necessities in town.
Great place, just needs to get more merchandise on their shelves!
Friendly environment and easy to navigate.
Great food, great people, best blueberry pancakes ever!
Very friendly staff and breakfast was yummy.
"A Dog's Journey" was an excellent movie.
Great place, comfortable seating, great entertainment, yummy snacks, wonderful people.
Not bad for a very isolated town like Crosby
I rented a trailer and am currently renting a storage unit here. Friendly people in the office. Prices are kinda high for there units but the added security and temperature control makes up for it.
The lady and (didn’t get her name) was very nice and professional. Was able to reserve my haul in just a minute. Did you know they buy back your unused boxes?
Great place to rent a truck or storage unit nice friendly staff.
Great company when you're moving or when you need to store things
Quick and simple process picking up my haul. Great staff.
Wonderful units and the best staff
Friendly staff and very helpful
Great costumer service! Thank you, guys!
They are absolute jerks! Super rude!
Outstanding food and service. A hidden gem! It is well worth the stop. I am forever addicted after just one visit!
Good food most of the time, friendly staff
Great food, just the ice machine was broken that day
Very nice crew and the food is pretty good!
The attendant was unapologetic when he turned me away. It seems they don’t take fresh water. Disinterested attendants seems to be a common thread among Goodnight Midstream disposals.
They usually have cooked food for drivers, but unloading is slow as fuck and it's been packed lately.
I love her work, she is very friendly... I always leave happily with my haircut... I’d definitely prefer her over any other salons in Watford city.
The owner or operator does not return calls, won't be calling there again!
Rhonda was very helpful on the style that I really wanted. Very friendly also 🤗
Best haircut I've gotten in years. Friendly staff, quick, high quality service. Definitely didn't feel rushed to get to the next client.
Great work, had him do a hard part with skin fad. Excellent haircut, we'll continue to use this barber...
Friendly service great haircuts, and hey! They answer the phone!
My 5 year old son is too hard to manage cow licks, and the lady actually managed to cut his hair and have them both look normal.
Very friendly, always a lane open and good home cooked meals. Older disposal but works just fine. Can get muddy, but hey we're in North Dakota, so what do you expect? Easy paperwork, the pop is not free, but I’m not complaining at all.
They get you in, they get you out. The food that they serve there at the disposal is awesome, they treat you professionally
Very fast place to offload. Got a hot meal after lunch time.
Very professional with great detail to their work!
They do wonderful work at a respectable price.
The guys there are very nice. Pricey, but hey it's worth it.
These guys are awesome. Issues are rare, but when you have one they will help.
Very helpful people. They know their stuff at this place and are willing to help out in any way they can. It's the only place I'll shop for my audio equipment
Best place within 100 miles they know what they are doing and have a lot of technical knowledge to get you where you need to be.
Great service and great products available here at this place. If you need something here, Matt is the guy to talk to.
Very pleasant and well educated staff.
Definitely would recommend them for any audio and video needs. These guys are professionals and are also very good priced for their services
Very informative, enjoyed their work
The only place to get audio. Amazing customer service!
They do great work, but can get very pricey though, depending on what you want done.
Got auto start put in my Yukon. Had trouble with it, and they fixed it right away.
They got everything you need and then some for vapeing, very knowledgeable if you have questions
Selection is awful and the women who was working had the audacity to judge my device. Coils, mods, and juice all in small quantities and terribly indiverse.
Hit or miss liquid selection.
Very nice store, great people, great products.
Fine place, the guy working wasn't helpful and a dickhead
Waited a little bit to be waited on during a slow Friday night. Salmon was amazing and blackened chicken was great. The vegetables were steamed not sauteed, but still good. Very quiet atmosphere at the time we went.
Good food and service once they realized we were there. Reasonably priced. Little known secret.
The food was delicious. And the waiter was very tentative and friendly.
Overpriced... Food was not great... Ordered the potato skins for appetizer, it was $10 and it came out with 4 tiny little skins and were dry and under flavored... Not going there again
No lobby coffee except morning, other than that it was very nice
Such a great Group of people! My 9 year old daughter and i love it! She has been in it for a few years now and there kids program builds so much strength and confidence! Highly recommend!
Love the sense of community here!
It's fun going here with friends for meeting, at training or competition. It's a big open box for training. Plenty of equipment and space. Pretty well organized and clean.
Quite easily the best workout in town. Features nice equipment and fun trainers. Downside is a pretty crappy parking lot and building in general... But you're not there to inspect the facility, are you?
Great place to workout with great people! You can go at your own pace and they have trainers to help you along you fitness journey.
Great coach's. Great people to be around.
One of my favorite places to be
Matt and his team are amazing! I cant rave enough about the quality of work and professionalism. They replaced our ancient loud furnace with an efficient quiet furnace. They went above and beyond. I will be recommending them to everyone. Excited to find this amazing local company!
Matt and Patrick are super down to earth, professional, punctual, and easy to work with. Pricing is fair and they were able to diagnose my issue rather quickly. I'll definitely be hiring them in the future for further maintenance and upkeep. Thanks guys! :)
I had true comfort install an underground gas line for an outdoor fire place. They stayed until everything was completed even through the rain! I also had him come and check my air conditioner and he walked me through everything. Great to work with and highly recommend!
After calling 4 different companies, and the other companies techs could not make it out on a sunday. This True Comfort did not hesitate to come out and get our heart working.
Very friendly and thorough. They were very patient with my 5 year old daughter as well!
NO RESPECT FOR CUSTOMERS. My wife and her party of 6 scheduled an appointment. They decided to take walk-ins at the same time, so when my wife's party arrived they were too busy and my wife's party ended up 1 HOUR LATE to a very important dinner.
My mani was basically a nail polish. The lady had movie tickets sitting out and it only allowed for me to get a quick mani. I was very disappointed paying $35
Had a wonderful time. Love my nails! They didn't speak English well but they were very friendly! Would go again for sure
The most relaxing pedicure I have ever had. Kelly is amazing! Wow 💝👍
Many nail and pedicure stations. Friendly and professional staff.
This is my new favorite nail salon!
Fast quick service. I go here almost all the time for my oil changes. The staff odds polite and friendly.
Mike and crew do a great job. Dropped off vehicle and picked up before close. Great pricing also. Highly recommend
Always in and out. Super professional and convenient. My preferred place for an oil change.
The customer service is great, very friendly people. The price us decent and you don’t even have to make an appointment like the other places I’ve called in town!
Excellent service! Family owned!
Fast and very good service. Friendly staff who knows what they're doing
Work was satisfying. Rates were reasonable. Oil change was quick
Great people and helped us so much with picking out new dog food! Pet friendly too!
Always have what we need and always willing to educate us on new products and vaccines. Very nice staff, would recommend! Talk to Gretchen!
Been with this company several years. All the staff are excellent. They help you however they can.
Friendly staff, easy access, and pleasant experience. Plus, they were able to save money on my current insurance coverage.
Excellent, very friendly people working their.
Excellent rates, great service.
Great service and friendly staff. I would recommend anyone stopping in and visiting for food and drinks.
Waiter was amazing! Great service..very very nice welcoming atmosphere!
Awesome little spot! Jeff takes great care of a guy!
Friendly staff and customers. Very cute little place. Worth a stop.
Very unique bar! Do yourself a favor and stop buy!
Great Place! Atmosphere is perfect!
I get a lot of my child's clothes here. They also have toys. Everything is in good shape, not expensive, and the owner will help you find what you need if you're looking for something in particular.
By far one of the best second hand store for kids I've ever been in. So much to choose from. My favorite back to school or growth spurt stop!
Great place with lots of options and a fantastic owner!
Love the owner, they take in clothes and have a good selection!
Great prices and very friendly
This is such a nice store for our little town and great happy service
They are very informative and the quality is excellent, the prices are great as well.
Very helpful staff when you don't want to search forever for one thing.
Nice place from clothes tools pet food mowers. One stop for shopping store.
Everyone is always willing to help a customer out. Very friendly. Enjoy shopping at this place!
Great owner very helpful can bring animals
This store has what I need for feed and supplies. Is clean and service is great.
Very nice layout, great employees.
I love going to Tractor Supply the staff is always helpful especially Darrell
They had exactly what I needed.
Most of the staff is good. Tim on the other hand us a complete moron and needs a lesson in customer service and manners.
Friendly staff, great service. Out of this world, left all in all wonderful experience
Lefsa, almost as good as home made, without the work of the mess. Get your Norwegian fix at Freddy!
Best place to get appliances from, great long lasting products and the service to back them, will continue to be my first choice. Their products, for me, have lasted way longer than appliances I've bought from dept stores in the past. Fair prices too.
Good service after sale first appliance all good second one had problem walk in and out five min taken care of like the store and deliver was good guy very respectfully and friendly
Appliance Solutions is a good choice. I've been using them for years. Josh is quick and helpful. I recommend using this company.
Nice little store with good prices and great customer service. Employees know the appliances well and are very helpful.
Awesome service. Came right away and got my fridge working with in a half hour. Will recommend to everyone.
A very good place to shop for an appliance. Chuck was good in helping us right away and a very good selection at that.
Not very helpful, employees are aloof and not present. Product is expensive service is terrible.
Nice, on time, does a great job
Not very helpful, employees are aloof and not present. Product is expensive service is terrible.
Stood in a line for over 5 minutes while the employees were sitting on their phones talking in the delivery area, the guy ahead of me had been waiting longer, when asked if anyone could help us (pay before you pump), they seemed rather annoyed. The food is amazing, but the service has been lacking lately.
Love this crust. Love this pizza. Didn't even have to leave my car.
Awesome gas station, love the hours and helpful service with quick in a it gateway stop
Quick to get us in as walk ins. Nice relaxing environment.
Treatment was very kind. everyone very nice and inviting.
Pretty good for a basic manicure
Small and quaint. Appointments suggested.
Andy and June are great and provide incredible service!
One of the only places left to develop roll film, and it actually doesn't take that long. About a week to get your prints. Print from your phone, SD card, camera, tablet and many more.
I love shopping there because they have everything there that you need or they will order it for you and u can pick it up at the store.
I took 4 cameras to get developed and they lost all four of my cameras therefore I have no pictures of when I went home and had Christmas of my family last year
Lady is Crabby there I would just order online or other stores
The new owners are wonderful! Staff is friendly and helpful. They are somewhat limited on their stock right now, but they are adding and improving that constantly! It's a great choice for a close to home shopping choice.
Nice little store. Very old school, but very friendly staff last time I was there. I really enjoyed the meat counter... But others may find it less refined. Some good deals can be found that surprised me, I didn't expect to find as good a price on some things like I did.
The best store bought sausage in the area.
The 2 women were amazing, so sweet.
Service and food was good but food was slow from the kitchen.
Nice little restaurant with good service and good food. Go eat there.
Looks nice on the outside was walking on the sidewalk didn't go in
Too many drugs here. But it is nice and quiet
Very nice place to live for Mom.
This gas station has the beat breakfast pizza of all time. Sausage and gravy, what.
Rewards program... Bonus... Great pizza and goodies!
Came in after working all night to grab a slice of pizza to eat on my way home.
Their Tuesday car wash deal is a scam. I can think of think of three different instances where I went for the deal and the car wash just happened to be broken that day. They advertise the deal but the car wash machine is "broken" so you pay for the gas and never get the deal.
Clean, organized, and nice service. Stan is very friendly.
Nice facility for race fans. Good food, affordable tickets, great track conditions make for some of the best dirt track racing in Eastern ND. I also appreciate the fact that you can bring your beverages/coolers into the stands. My favorite place to be Sunday nights during the summer!
Just a fun get away from Fargo.
Our favorite dirt track to go to! You can always count on having a good time here. Great facility, great food, and great racing!
You watch racing and you can eat here every Sunday when the car are driving usually start at 7 or 6.
Great service. We showed up in a group of 10 and they accommodated us. Food was good and speedy
Not good. Poor food. Staff is horrible.
Nice little place to stop for a meal and visit
Good food great people and not too expensive
Great small town cafe! Great owner and food!
Ham and cheese omelet were delicious!
This is such a unique store. The staff is always kind and helpful.
The store with everything! Very eclectic, unique and gifts with story!
Very unique items. Sparkly hair accessories.
Fun, unique decor, gifts, clothing.
Like a little restaurant there Subway and the other restaurant on the end of the building like the gas station good place for a quick
Very clean, staff is very friendly and helpful. They have many items like most convenience stores. They also carry regular, unleaded, premium gas along with diesel. Credit card or cash is acceptable.
Clean well maintained road trip stop
Nice clean store. Friendly staff, good selection of merchandise.
Seems to provide great service for residents but don't give the impression that they are really happy to receive donations, including brand new items that they say they are always in need of especially when it comes to providing a receipt for tax purposes
This place used to receive homeless men with great care and alacrity, now they are scoffed at and turned away at the door as if the mere fact that you're a Male automatically makes you a sick criminal. Staff are harsh, and rarely curt
Rules in place to keep my children safe but they actually take away their independence. This is good for what it is but stay motivated to get on your own.
Pretty decent organization they do their best to help people they could always use extra support so don't be afraid to reach out and offer some
Does a lot for the community. Happy to give back.
They are no longer here. They helped a lot of people while they where here
The woman came out and gave application
Stinky and dirty. The employees were the Same.
That place is corrupt; accepts snap (food stamps) as rent payment.
I love going here. Great food. Never a wait. Nice atmosphere in a small town. Oh. Wait. The food is excellent! I've never had such a big hamburger steak. I'm on keto and it was perfect!
Great little place! Shrimp was amazing at a great price!
Fun place, very good food, very nice people
Had steak and shrimp special. Was well liked by all in our party and very reasonable price! Would highly recommend.
Paul and Jenny were great! Food was awesome they was 11 of us had a great time.
Excellent food, great service and people. Can't beat the price and family friendly atmosphere. Thanks Jenny and Paul!
Good food not bad prices and all you can drink
Nice people I've had a lot of fun here today
Beautiful park which is well kept. Just watch your kiddos as there's a coulee Which runs by it. Good equipment and baseball diamonds.
many grocery and household items with decent prices
The owner John is a real honest to goodness nice guy, would give you the shirt off his back if you needed it.
They have everything. Friendly faces. Great prices.
Well stocked hardware store. Knowledgeable employees.
Friendly hometown hardware store.
Great people and great products! Would highly recommend!
It is a convenience to this small town to have.
Fast service. Very polite and easy to work with.
These guys know their stuff. I work for a smaller shop and buy tires and tubes from them. Wish the farming economy was better so I could buy and sell more Firestone products. Ryan is a great salesman. No hesitation when i call him for something. Excellent service!
Excellent service and prices on all major brands of tires! Great people to do business with!
Good service. They got me right in. Flat fix was a whopping 32.00, I guess that's the going rate. Long gone are the $20 fix a flat days.
Everybody very friendly. Nice experience.
These guys know what I want, but more so know what I need and communicate well and take care of me like a sister. Since I travel 150 miles/day commuting I am grateful for the care they show.
Great price for tires and service work.
Always gets things done in a timely manner
Good work at a reasonable rate
Incredibly fast, friendly, and thorough
My dad is the assistant manager
Very nice store with very nice workers!
They are very helpful and polite
A typical gas station with all the typical gas station amenities. Want to be impressed? Go there after midnight and get their breakfast pizza with scrambled eggs - it's the best drunk food you'll find.
Great place friendly service and excellent choice for coffee
You get everything in one place
Professional and on time. Have rented enclosed trailer three times. Quick service. One time got a smaller trailer due to an accident with the one I reserved.
So many services they offer. Staff very helpful and positive.
The storage has been wonderful over the years but one of the last times I was there, one of the workers was very rude to me about leaving stuff in the donation area.
I don't know about the moving and storage part of the business but this is an inexpensive place to refill your propane.
Went here to pick up a uhaul young lady was very knowledgeable and helpful on the items making the trip no stress and simple and quick
They fill propane bottles reasonable
Yes. The staff are very rude. Not happy with business. I'm checking out Mandan today.
The after hours return system sucks
Only reason for this is they decide to walk around the day after your payment is due and lock up your storage unit just after a day most places would give you up to a month and then lock it I am quite furious with them right now.
I go to the bar and grill to eat. Good food friendly service. The only draw back is it closed early into the fall and not open every day of the week. I do understand though. Later in the week and weekends is when people are there. All in all great place. To bad it's seasonal
Great Lake. Not Super crowded. Just the right amount of people. Good boat dock and cafe.
Easy, fun, friendly lake place..feeling pretty lucky to be a part of it!
Love it here, great recreational lake!
quite relaxing small lake in Nd
Always family favorite for camping
If you want a no hassle purchase and to be treated right this is it. I’ve purchased several vehicles from Finley Motors and was not disappointed with them.
Best auto sales and service in our area. Dependable and knowledgeable dealer and staff.
Small town dealership where the people are friendly and they have a surprisingly good selection of vehicles. No pressure type of place, definitely worth considering for a vehicle purchase. I'm considering a new jeep and if I buy one, it will be from here.
Family has been buying vehicles here for 3 generations. Definitely worth considering.
Great service, really friendly people, good deals.
Over priced, rude and never available.
Great dealer, friendly, helpful.
Very nice place, good AC and handicap accessible.
One of the nicest well kept 9 hole golf courses in the state of ND if not the nicest! Highly recommended!
The clubhouse is larger than I used to.
Always great food and service!
They did a fundraiser for my daughter's funeral they raised over $1,000 and they only gave $150
Great small town bar! Staff treated us like royalty
A real wonderful floral shop! so helpful! They make beautiful arrangements! And always so nice!
A real wonderful floral shop! so helpful! They make beautiful arrangements! And always so nice!
Extremly friendly service and it especially made my daughters day when they gave her a flower.
Friendly service and great price on long lasting floral display
Awesome selection of fresh flowers... The Best In The Business
I like going to this bar the music's never obnoxious the staffs always friendly and the bar crowd that goes here tend to not be stereotypical roughnecks guys in a bar. Good beer on tap and plenty of pool tables, dart boards, and blackjack. Good place to go to unwind after a long day at work.
I can't really rate this lower. Went in for a drink. After the bartender served us her and the few customers went outside leaving me in the bar. By myself. It was at this point I decided to leave. It did not leave a good first impression.
Good place to chill and hang with friends really cute bar tender names adrian works here super sweet girl and a lot of locals hang here as well cool place
Decent place if you want to have a few drinks and play games without a lot of people.
Went drinking. Don’t remember much else...
Friendly parts people. Easy to get in and out.
Great place for custom shirts! This a new location for the store. Used to be in West Acres.
Had another shirt made for my son since he outgrew his last one. They are really good at choosing fonts and helping you pick the perfect letter color for the shirts.
Very poor customer service, shirts were done 2 weeks later than we were told. And they were the wrong shirts. Ended up having to buy shirts and having them printed terrible!
Always fast service! And impeccable quality!
Easy to work with during the entire process.
Affordable, helpful, friendly and quick. Thank you!
Fast service and quality items
In a small town like this, it's difficult for a grocer to carry everything, especially with produce but the seem to try their best. Store is always clean and they have just about everything you need to make a meal. Great (for it's size) frozen section and generally a good selection of meats.
Excellent service and very kind
Awesome store for a small town. Tries to keep stocked with the essential and also has a lot of variety
This is Bremers Market now,nice clean store with nice people run ing it.
Fantastic small town grocery store.
Is it a Store or Day Care lol just Kidding
You have a pretty nice building pretty proud of the phone to make something this nice
The vet clinic here is amazing. They're great vets and techs to work with, they remember me and my animals, always willing to chat on the phone or in office as long as you need. They've taken excellent care of my animals and their prices are extremely reasonable which is a bonus!
The staff is fantastic and I love that they welcomed my puppy with open arms regardless of the breed. They asked and answered all of my questions and even went so far as to let my puppy accompany them to the back when she wanted to follow. The gals at the front were very attentive.
Gals here are always so helpful when we place our order for dogfood, we love it that they volunteer to take to van for us older folks - very curtious gals!
I really like this place because of how they have taken care of my cats.
Love the Veterinary Service here they're very patient and kind not to mention reasonable
Out of business, the vet that is attached to it though there is a lady who is very rude! If you don't like your job get a new one!
I really like this place because of how they have taken care of my cats.
I just love our veterinarian she's the best!
Wonderful staff, to bad they're closing. Thankfully the vet is staying open.
Great selection of Western boots,saddles,cowgirl and cowboy hats, Western wear,belts.
Best Vet in town as far as i can tell.
Friendly and helpful staff. Good products.
Wonderful staff, too bad they're closing. Thankfully the vet is staying open.
I will miss your store in Fargo
Nice field! Make sure to park far away, someone’s poor car got smashed by a foul ball!
Very nice field. Enjoy watching baseball here. Only thing I would change is a little shade on the visitor's side deck. Minor change everything else is great.
Friendly and very helpful employees, after I left I actually saw great results!
Great beds, friendly and helpful employees. Prices are best if buying the VIP package.
This place is always busy, so they must be doing something right.
Is more than just a gas station
I asked "you don't follow your own rules here?". They said "no".
Some good. Some bad. It was quite messy on a few occasions in the restroom area but service was quite friendly. I wonder if they were short staffed or something??? Good vibes
Wonderful place. Great caregivers.
Top notch place for old folks to live, people really care here
My mother is happy here that's all I ask
Place is a dive. Owner is a fruit.
My nail techs of choice. Clean, friendly, willing to explain things. Very gentle with my hands.
Very reasonable price, comfortable atmosphere. They take there time and did a beautiful job, thank you.
Beautiful Salon great staff even offers wine
High priced and not a very friendly atmosphere
Very helpful on my second car I've purchased from them.
Guys rude, and stuff is sketchy. Hear nothing but bad news from his old customers and workers.
High priced and not a very friendly atmosphere
Bout a car there was completely satisfied! Thanks Brent.
Easy to deal with and fair loan terms.
Great Customer Service! Clean Store.
Mo always does a fantastic job and addresses any concerns I may have with years of knowledge and experience!
Tina was great. My hair looked phenomenal to say the least.
Me and my husband both come 2 get our hair done by Megan Odegard, she is amazing and I always walk out fabulous
I have been to this salon since it opened. Clean friendly, experienced people. Tena has been very personable, talented with all areas of hair and brow care.
Wonderful new place to get a haircut Everyone is also very polite, and all of the people working there are very good at what they do.
I went in for a pedicure and the lady did a great job.
Great service with Mo, and great haircut.
I enjoyed my cut there. Friendly staff.
Great business and gr8 services
This was not the DOT experience you hear about. This was fast, friendly, and good seating.
Fifteen minutes in and out. It's at the 4101 13th Ave S Ste 1200, Fargo, ND 58103 location.
They've added two windows since the last time I was here. Got here at 3:50 and had my license renewed by 4:05! Great experience, clean, and professional!
Always upset workers looks like they only waiting for the paycheck...
No stress if you make an appointment! Real ID renewal took 15 minutes to complete and I waited 3 minutes total in an otherwise swamped waiting room. Thanks for offering this time-saving option!
They live up to their negative review reputation. If you have any chance to go anywhere else do it. Left without my new ID, luckily I'm in Bismarck next week, they are much better there.
Made a appointment for renewal, was called up to the window quick. Minor hiccups in papers needed but the staff came up with solutions that worked. Lady that helps people when they walk inside was super friendly to everyone.
I took my drivers permit test here and it was easy and quick. The Staff are very polite and easy to talk to.
Staff is decent but i made an appointment and still was there for over an hour waiting
Poor service long wait time more staff needed. Rude unprofessional. Very disturbing when I pay this people to do a job
I've got to say, this facility is pretty top notch in professionalism and turn around times.
I just went on line. And everything was fine.
The people giving negative feedback have obviously never been to other states.
The wait is ridiculous. It doesn't matter what time of day or week for that matter.
Extremely long wait not enough people working and no where to sit
Every person who works here is incredibly rude.
Need to learn how to talk to people, very bad talking, very rude and unprofessional people
Busy all the time, long waits, good employees.
Long wait times, uncomfortable waiting room...
Nice service and very helpful workers
Weird guy working there he said he was the manager. Weird.
They have everything I looked for.
Great place! I've found my go to!
What a great experience! The staff were more than friendly and attentive and my pedicure was perfect. The prices were very reasonable as well. I'd highly recommend them!
The salon is very beautiful and the nail techs do beautiful work! And the prices are very good, I got a full set of acrylics for $30. They are detail oriented and do a great job!
Very friendly, did a Great job and reasonably priced!
I love this place. I go all the time!
My favorite nail place in town, by far!
Great park. Small and simple yet effective for getting the energy out of the kids
Sweet little neighborhood park, equipment and grounds meticulously maintained.
Little small but a nice clean park
The playground itself is fine, but there's no off road parking. My boys had no delay running to go play, but after about 15-20 minutes they were content to leave, too.
Very friendly and attentive staff. Thanks for the great service, Cassie!
Friday family nights are the best. Wonderful food, reasonable price, lots of friendly people, a great evening out.
It's a nice little small town bar
Great bar with large shaded patio area.
One of the best small town bars you'll find. Owners are great people and all the bartenders are awesome too!
Wonderful place food and friends good.
Always a great place to meet up with friends and have fun! Service was excellent, thanks Dori!
Nice atmosphere. Good service.
Decent beer and food selection. Very clean, nice out of the way bar.
Great small town place. They have food, so ask for the menu if you don't see one.
Nice place! Great patio. Friendly staff! Good prices! Love the small bar.
Friendly little hole in the wall. Come and check it out before its gone.
Love this bar and its people. Don't knock yourself out pulling up your drawers in the bathroom though.
2 dollar Tuesday on the patio great way to unwind for the day.
Best neighborhood bar you've ever been to. It's a God damn institution. Gonna miss them when they close.
Awesome place to share good times, a laugh, a memory and to have a beer (or two)!
Awesome place to meet up with friends! Best place in Town!
I absolutely love this place!
You mean to say this place is still open??
No longer Johnny's Bar. But this small town bar, now called The Red Light Bar is a great experience. Great owners, great service and great environment.
Needed ice for the 4th of July, Jonny's bar came to the rescue. Great small town bar.
Love this little bar. People are great.
Much better service today. Application worked great today. I had difficulty in July. Great food at great prices. 👍
Great food and selection. The animal macaroni made me wish my grandkids were with me. Even had gluten free pastas available.
Weird look, and taste. Might just be the item I ordered though.
Great selection for the whole family. Recommend everyone try Noodles and Company.
Excellent noodles, and the order was ready right on time! Great customer service too!
Delicious, but be aware: indoor seating not open yet. Take put only
Yummy and different food for a change, but a tad expensive for my taste for the amount of food and just take out.
Tasty food! Love Noodles and Co.
I never got to go into the dining area was closed so we went to the starving rooster
Great customer service and work quality I will be In trusting them with my all my family vehicles
Had Some Tires Switched On And They Did An Inspection To Gear Up For Any Upcoming Appointments. Good Service and Good Staff.
Friendly staff. Reasonable pricing
They know what they're doing... They told us what was wrong and that there was another light that came on that was dealing with 4x4. So they keep you informed and posted on your vehicle. Thank you Heritage Repair n Alignment..
Very friendly people, great service.
Love everything about it! Miss you Cindy!
Had a awesome time at the pre-halloween party. Drinks were refreshing. Great crowd of people.
Great atmosphere, great food, and great servers! What more could you ask for?
I am so grateful that they are there to help in these trying times.
Awesome place to get help and amazing people
The church ladies there are the best thanks ladies and keep up the good work for volunteers you ladies Rock.
Like how they help people in time's of need
Had a very large project Dirk help me with the products I needed done a wonderful job thank you
They are always helpful in stain matches and paint from other companies. One stop for advise and great products.
Helpful staff, hard working, accommodating for pricing if need be and awesome selection.
Lots of floor help. No waiting.
Good customer service thanks to Kari
Dustin always help me out... Always get my paint from here.
Great storage and security but gravel roads make the units dusty
Had storage there for over 7 years and never had one problem
Good availability good unit length and width just wish the doors on the big units were a foot taller.
I was nervous about going to a salon with the pandemic still in play but this salon seems to be taking every precaution and I was comfortable being there. Brittani cut and styled my hair and my hair looks wonderful! Definitely recommend going here!
Lauren is super great and fun to talk with. Great energy and atmosphere. Love my hair. ❤️
One of the BEST salons in Fargo! Margee is my stylist and is super sweet. She also does a fantastic job! They take the time to go over your hair goals, and pricing as well. Highly recommend for cut, color, everything!
Highly recommend! Love, love love my hair!
I'm telling you, these people know their stuff. Men's cuts come with a head and arm massage as well. Excellent haircuts and very relaxing.
Great service and styling. One of my favorite salons to work with!
Very clean, professional staff, fair pricing! Caitlin is a phenomenal hair stylist! HIGHLY recommend!
I always an satisfied when I get my hair done from this place. Highly recommend🙌🙌
It's a fairly nice place can't change the 50mpr wind
Great place for children's skating lessons! My children went from barely standing on skates to being able to stop by the snow plow method.
Amazing place for a family or to just go ice skating
Great place to bring your family
It was okay for the event that was going on. Staff was kind of rude
Starting to show its age (already). Family change room has many broken lockers. The teen hangout area (all the way down the hall to the right) is a disgrace. Nothing worked last time I went.
Great place to take the kids not to expensive
My daughter and I love it. Spending quality time together and It's a great way to teach her how to drive. Excellent service. Very clean. Thank you Dirk for a very fun experience
We had a lot of fun from my 6 year old daughter to all my nephews and myself.
It's awesome, and the guys are super friendly! Our son loves it!
Great fun for the whole family and reasonably priced! You won't regret going!
Fun experience for the older kids to adults! We did not bring any younger kids with us, but we were assured that they are welcome.
Very fast go carts was a blast so much fun
One of the best dive bars in Fargo. This place has a lot of history. Get here quick before it's gone.
If you like live metal bands, this spot will usually hook you up
The music... The bar owner... Down to earth atmosphere.
This place has been bought and will no longer remain as a bar
We were in need of a last minute rental to drive to Bismark and the excellent staff connected us with a beutiful vehicle at a great rate in minutes, will definitely use them again!
I really enjoyed my rental car. I feel they gave me great deal on rental. I appreciate this business very much
Never had any issue with them. The agents are helpful and they care about customer satisfaction. If you call ahead, they provide accurate information about availability.
I highly recommend this place to anyone! I have to use rentals every week, for work purposes, and they're always willing to go above and beyond to ensure that their clients needs are met!
Avis always takes care of our vehicle needs. We use them every time we go on a road trip.
The vehicle was clean, price for rental was cheap! Facility inside needs updating.
Came in for the first time today and it will not be my last. Amazing artist. He makes the experience so awesome and his work is phenomenal. If I could rate higher than 5 stars I would. Check this shop out, you won't be sorry!
It was an awesome experience and he was personable and I am planning on going again! Love my new tat!
Terry is one of the truest people I have met, and does great work. Highly recommend him and his shop!
Totally awesome tattoos at a fair price! They accept walk-ins, which was super helpful with my busy schedule. Anthony did an amazing job and Terry was funny and telling great stories during my tattoo. Loved them and the artwork. Will 100% be back again!
My friend and I got these today and we love them! Go see Cracker Terry!
What an awesome crew, husband first tattoo, "bear claw" and 3 Rd tattoo for me "crab" had an awesome time getting out ink there, really knowledgeable about there quality of work, we'll be back!
I really enjoyed the food and the scenery. The good was very pricey. Why only 4 stars.
Great friendly people that run this restaurant and convenience store and campground.
McKenzie Bay is a huge part of my childhood, lots of great memories. The campground could use some updating and seems like the spots get smaller and smaller but overall a great place to access the lake for amazing fishing!
Our favorite campground. Good fishing there to
We had some chips and salsa and the Bacon Cheeseburgers with tots! Great food... Pleasant, friendly service!
Boat trailer parking is limited and ramps are small other than that it is a good place to go
Beautiful area with plenty of accessible shoreline for fishing.
Beautiful area, fun atmosphere
This UPS store has the best customer service! They can help with shipping, design, canvas, and 3D printing! I never knew how much you could get done at UPS until they helped me with business and personal projects! The staff is so knowledgeable and will help with everything!
Excellent service and a nice looking store!
Tracking states my package has been in Fargo for two days. It also says it's being delayed due to weather. We haven't had any bad weather in Fargo. Complete garbage. Next day air and it's been 4 days now. Is it really that hard to do your damn job?
Michael was very helpful and knowledgeable!
No nonsense shipping. The staff was great though.
Great service led by owner Debby Jaeger. Highly recommended!
Nurses are very friendly first experience with Dr. Meyers was not a great at all would not recommend my dog to him. On a better note switched to Dr. Belling and he was amazing and my daughter isn't fond of Drs but loved him. 5 STARS HIGHLY RECOMMEND Belling for your children.
Quite the upgrade from their old facility! Great experience here.
Very short wait, the staff were very nice, and I was in and out in little to no time at all, which is great! Hopefully once the construction around the area finishes it will be easier to get in and out no problem.
The customer service who worked there Rude and unprofessional.
Got in right away for lab work.
Awesome place. Very friendly and very knowledgeable. Everything is updated and cutting edge. Wouldn't go anywhere else. Love the building too. Cool interior!
Hagen Dental is absolutely amazing! Their staff is so friendly and helpful. I recommend them to anyone looking for a dentist.
Very friendly and caring! Great atmosphere and always answers all my questions.
Caring, professional and knowledgeable staff.
Awesome building, smiling staff - a real winning atmosphere. I came for a cleaning but stayed for the lip balm, floss, toothbrush and toothpaste swag bag! Worth the trip to Casselton - Home of the Fighting Squirrels!
Great service and clean kennels
Our dogs absolutely love Club Fido (at least that's what they tell us). The staff is friendly and caring--and the facility is so clean. Doggy daycare is an added bonus. We've only boarded when we're out of town--but paying a bit extra for the daycare option is worth it. Play time!
I've brought my dog here twice now. She does well playing with the other dogs. She is a pitbull and it is difficult to find boarders in our area that take pitbulls. I have no hesitations on bringing her back.
Best place to board your doggies in Bismarck/Mandan
My dog was happy and healthy when we picked him up. People seemed very friendly.
Nice place very good selection of good food.
Really happy with my little girl look.
If you want a souvinere or just want to shop local this is where you need to go. They are great for parties and crafting too!
Adorable store! Fantastic selection of products. Variety of amazing gifts and home decor.
we had an issue using my yamaha card and person that knew how to make it work wasn’t there, they got my phone number and let me take purchase anyway until problem could get solved. I thought that was cool! I appreciate it!
These people were very helpful and courteous!
I bought a brand new four wheeler from them and they had good customer service and were professional
Every time I visit, I am greeted pleasantly. EVERY part I have ordered or picked up has been correct and delivered with a smile!
Very helpful and decent price but if u take something in with decent size list, leave list with them
Best place to be in North Dakota for the paddle fishing season!
This is an okay place to camp but there are better ones nearby.
It's actually Patriot fuels also, and good hearted people, specially in North Dakota
I have worked for several. Companies out in the Bakken, but All power is the best! Its the top Trucking company I have worked for! Is it perfect; no; but its definitely one of best for hauling box or pneumatic.
Josh Green is a good man. I really appreciate all hes done.
Good people and generally straight forward. Try to keep team effort but always bad apple some where
Gets u in and out pretty quickly
Easy load out for sand trucks.
Absolutely love my topper! Great customer service, went above and beyond to help me and fix something that broke, get me in right away. Highly recommend
Seat Covers for my F 150 were perfect! Thank you guys again!
These guys do great work! Looks like it belongs there. Good prices friendly staff.
Great friendly service! Put a truck box cover, mudflaps and box mat in. Very professional, fast and Affordable!
Lance and Bryce were more than accommodating when I got my truck sprayed! Looked awesome, too! Flawless job.
All I can say is wow! For the price and perfect job on my truck bed
They have nice employees. Drive thru wait times can be a hassle sometimes other then that they are good.
Very professional guys, need set appointments due to COVID-19
The staff are always pleasant and very helpful. Everyone from the bank tellers to the management are very polite. Office is clean. Service is most often in a timely manner. Seating is avail be if you have to wait for any reason. Weekend hours are convenient.
Everyone should do a google news search on Wells Fargo banking. Both on the people who run the company but also check to see if your info is handled properly by them.
Quick drive through with dog treats.
Have it for last 2 years...love it
These girls are awesome! Always making awesome shakes and teas! And the variety of options are endless.
Shakes aren't bad. Like the berry cream cheese muffin one the best. Wonderful, friendly service.
Fun staff and atmosphere. Great protein shakes and more!
Very clean with up to date equipment
Just signed up. Kevin was very helpful and informative. Can't wait to start working out.
Clean and newest equipment. Highly recommend!
Love this gym! Lots of room, nice machines! Love the TVs on each machine!
Definitely the cleanest gym in town with all the equipment you need to get your workout done. 24 hour access. Friendly members and staff, and knowledgeable trainers who are fun to work with!
Staff is great they have everything there for a full workout
Clean gym, friendly staff, and has what you need to train.
They have an app that is super helpful for losing weight and getting ones fundamentals back or started if one can't afford a personal trainer, the app comes for free when one signs up, loving the burn.
Awesome staff always willing to help
Full gym, great staff, cozy atmosphere
Good place to learn how to be a meat head
Great place to workout. Clean, professional and open 24 hours.
It's ok. If the trainer is there he really pushes for you to sign up with him.
Been fishing here for years! Beautiful scenery!
Really nice. Super funny watching people try to drop the boat in the water. Great fishing
Nice owner, well kept up small resort.
Great landing with some tables for eating and a Sandy shoreline.
Nice boat landing on six mile bay
They are friendly and offer to help you when you come in the door immediately
Friendly service but not as equmeted as should be
Had a flat tire and they helped me change it! Great people!
Brock was great to deal with as was very knowledgeable.
Excellent service, a lot of different items.
This place is amazing. Great for growing a child faith in CHRIST. Also so much fun.
Crystal springs camp was excellent! The food was great, camp staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were comfortable. Had a great time there!
Perfect sanctuary for kids camp. Lots of fun activities, zip line, obstacle course, waterslide. My 9 yr old absolutely loved her time there.
Wonderful place with a great staff and modern well cared for facilities. We have stayed here with our homeschooling group numerous times and have always enjoyed our stay.
Great camp setup that keeps improving every year. Staff 1st rate.
Wonderful facilities, great atmosphere and lots of fun for all ages.
Great place for Christian camps. Went there for Family Camp this year and it was great!
This place is very fun we go to a winter family camp here and have never been disappointed, it's a blast!
Awesome and beautiful. Good good. Our CMA state rally here
We stay here for our Envirothon competition and you couldn't ask for a friendlier staff or more suitable grounds. Great place!
Awesome facility! Amazing staff!
Love this fostering environment.
My favorite camp and solid place to connect with people seeking God
Great food, the staff does a great job getting the food and drinks out ASAP always always have good food and great service I would recommend you take the short drive and experience it yourself
Nice old time, small town, laid back place. Quaint. Friendly place nice prices. Worth the stop. Great staff.
Great fun atmosphere, cheap happy hour prices, great home town bar!
Ordered pizza and was very tasty.
Needed a trailer wash out... not their usual service, but they helped me out. Very nice people and easy to work with!
Brought our work truck in for a quick repair; everyone was very polite, and was able to get us back on the road with minimal down time. Thanks again!
Service is fast and friendly. Service techs explain to you the problem before repairing them. They work hard to get you back on the road again
Customer service was good and accommodating.
I love checking out small town diners and bars. Had lunch at the attached Beavers cafe and had a beer at the saloon. Great food and service. I'd say Minto is lucky to have them.
Love this place and they made our Small Town USA Charity Ride a success! We hope we helped support your community!
The employees really know how to treat you like family and know how to make you have fun
Always a good time here. Relaxed atmosphere and superb service from the bartenders.
Great bar! The bartender was so nice and the locals too.
Nice friendly staff. Customer's seem alright. Nice place to stop.
Nice bar good people, friendly place.
Very professional and does a great job fixing back issues.
I like Dr Bjorlie. He fixed the problem and did not create any additional pain. I have been to his office 3-4 times now. I only go when I am hurting, so not very often, but it seems like I am always going to feel better once I buckle down and make that appointment!
Dr Renelt is a great chiropractor.
Were great my air conditioning wasn't working fixed it was just forzen did not try to gouge me
My heater went out because the power kept going out in the middle of winter, when Texas had that huge power outage. They showed up and didn't leave until it was fixed, which was shortly before midnight. Thank you Keith!
Called 3 times no response to messages left. The called once and hung up on me before I could say hello. No any sort of customer service here. They must have to much money to help residence of valley city 😠
I'll never go there again. I waited a full year to see if my propane heater could be repaired. After waiting a year they quoted the repairs needed was not worth it. Come to find out it only needed a separate regulator. If you wish to waste money give them a call. They will screw you.
These guys are wonderful and awesome professional and have gone out of their way to help us and I really appreciate it... I’d give them 10 stars if I could
Small park in the golden ridge area nice area friendly neighbor hood great for small children living in the area this area I grew up in and played at this small park
very small. but my baby boy loves it.
Always friendly and very knowledgeable. I love going here.
Great overall service, staff is wonderful knowledgeable, a lot of in house work. The dentist is cool and down to earth. Nurse Jonny is funny and super cute!
It was my son's first time and he was a little nervous but everyone was amazing and made him feel very comfortable!
Great and professional service
Over priced paid 200 for me and my wife just for a check up and that was after insurance, went back 1 month later because my tooth hurt and he said I needed a root canal or pull it and just one month before the took was fine supposedly would not recommend this place for anybody
Meh, I wasn't expecting cirque du soleil, but I've literally seen high school cheerleading dance acts that were better choreographed. If you're going to have dance routines that are in sync and include kicks, make sure the girls are flexible enough to kick above the knee...
It's view is pretty good. It's amphitheater is really good. I liked the view. It is like the view in Hollywood
Was a great show, honoring our nation was amazing
Some familiar faces, some new faces! Always a blast. Beautiful voices, acts and dances.
Absolutely amazing! Beautiful performance, with the most beautiful setting. A have to experience for everyone to enjoy.
Helpful staff for any ticketing concerns, and large gift shop.
It just keeps getting better and better
You must buy a t-shirt or cowboy hat dude.
Employees are super kind, great prices compared to other places in town. They also gave us a call to make sure the mattress was to our liking.
Ryan was awesome to work with. Very knowledgeable and helpful.
Amazing deals and Service unlike any other mattress store
Tyler was very knowledgeable and got me an excellent bed at a fantastic price! Thank you so much!
Beautiful historic building. The first Protestant church in the Dakota territories!
Friendly and challenges my spiritual needs as I grow in Christ.
With my family and glad to be alive! OH HALLELUJAH!
Great helpful staff get a chance to rest and talk to other drivers the wait in line some days can be ridiculously long
Very helpful with a friendly staff. What a great group of people!
I could not leave work, they delivered it when they were done. Very much appreciated.
Friendly customer service! Fast repairs. And they even ran my truck through the car wash for me!
Always friendly and helpful! Take time with you.
Great to work with. Does what it takes to find what you are looking for and at the right price.
Sales staff was very easy to deal with
They went out of their way to help me with my car even after I was rude to them and for that I'm sorry I would definitely recommend them to everyone
Never buy a vehicle from these people.
Love this place... Great owners☺
First time I've used this salon and I LOVE it! Very clean and the staff always greet me... super friendly and cheerful!
This is a really awesome place. They listen to what you have to say. They are really gentle with what they do. They care about you and you family needs.
Everyone here is fantastic. The ladies at the desk are friendly and amazing. Most doctor/office visits feel very clinical and rushed but Dr. Barney is great. He takes time to converse and explain things and make you feel like he cares. I'm glad I chose Optimal and would recommend it to anyone.
My husband and I absolutely love going to the chiropractor! Not only because we always walk out feeling refreshed, but also because they treat their patients like family there! We strongly recommend these guys if you are in the market for a chiropractor! ❤
Dr. Barney truly cares about his patient's health and getting them better! He cares exactly how you feel. The girls up front are the best! They are always smiling and friendly and call me by name. They are always willing to work with my schedule.
Both of the Doctors are outstanding gentlemen, they are good at what they do and are very personable. Their front desk support is second to none, again very personable and great at fitting emergency appointments in. Thanks for everything!
The doctors and staff are ultra professional and always accommodating. I have 100% trust in their ability to provide care for me and my family.
I cannot believe I waited 26 years for an adjustment because I was afraid!I was so bad I couldn't go down the steps without my lower back giving way. After my first visit I was hooked they have helped me and are genuinely kind. They do a great job and have payment plans. This is the place to go!
Hands down the best chiropractor I have ever seen. The staff is so friendly and always genuinely happy to see you. Dr. Barney is amazing and truly cares. If I could give more then 5 stars I would.
Dr. Andrew is amazing and always able to fit me in on short notice. All of the staff are friendly, professional and truly caring. Love this place so much.
Great place to go and is open and honest about pricing so you don't get a bill for 100$+ per visit. Very clean, accommodating and the massage bed before your adjustment is a great idea!
The guys at Optimal are the best!
Lived here for almost 4 years now. It's a great place. Would recommend.
The staff in the office are great. The building i live in is always clean. It's really quiet too.
Very quiet and nice apartment complex to live in. Very friendly staff.
Had a great experience today at Langdon hardware. Went for fittings for the hydroponic system I am building. Received all the help I could ever expect from the store associate.
They have a little bit of everything
Great customer service. They have a wide variety of products for such a small town store which is nice considering the next closest hardware store is an hour away.
Decent prices for things you need to repair or create. Staff is always very helpful and friendly.
Great customer service and for a little store it is well stocked!
Nice place to take your family; my daughter karla likes this park
Good tree filled park. Nice place to relax.
A youths recreation area located at Dragswolf Village offering a surface with limited obstacle and skateboarding challenge. Good skate park for those just starting out.
Pretty good for a small town skate park
They have what you need from home improvement, camping, clothing for the cold, fishing, and much more... staff and even the customers are helpful and friendly. I'll be in there again... great all around hardware store!
Brad has the best hardware store!
Nice hometown hardware store. Friendly help.
If brad doesn't have it or cant get, it it isn’t real.
Fun and safe park! Used to go here a lot as a kid. Plenty of field space and small playgrounds for kids and benches for adults.
Great place for kids to swing slide and have fun
Easy going and she makes you feel welcome! Best place to go for color hands down!
I always have a wonderful experience at Epic Hair, friendly atmosphere and excellent service. Candace is an amazing person.
Heat place to get colored hair
Great place to get haircut and color!
They always do an amazing job! Highly recommended!
Cindy is a magician with hair. Quirky and fun. 10/10 would recommend.
Angela was great and very patience and unique.
Good selection of hair products!
Love, love Cindy and the amazing job she does! ♥️
Ashley was amazing. Her hair cut are always on point for me. Absolutely love her.
Teresa A. styled my hair, great job, worth the work she does. She makes all her customers feel beautiful and appreciated.
Amy is literally your go to girl. She is amazing! Recommend her 100%
I always get a great color and cut here!
I could go on and on. I love this salon and I LOVE Amber.
I see Angela at the Source and she does an amazing job with both color and cuts! I always leave feeling special and beautiful and who wouldn't want that???
Best hair salon on Fargo. I won't go anywhere else. Amy B is fantastic.
Liz is great! She cuts my hair and does my lash extensions.
Bought some John Mitchell products, niece, Teresa gets a percentage of purchase. A well deserved perk!
Beautiful salon and amazing stylists! Love the makeover made to the salon
Good a great haircut for a excellent price!
Went there after a very bad experience with another salon. Claudette performed a miracle on my hair. Will go back again!

